4 name the largest country in south america 
3 who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd ? 
4 what countries does the mont blanc tunnel join ? 
1 what does a farrier put shoes on ? 
3 what are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv muppets show ? 
5 how many people have been captain america ? 
5 how many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of pan am flight over lockerbie , scotland , december , cd 
4 where is mozambique located ? 
1 in what ways did ivan iv support russian expansion ? 
5 what's men's par on a yard golf hole ? 
3 what was the name of the cook on rawhide ? 
5 how tall is kilamanjaro ? 
0 what is probability theory ? 
3 who would you use the heimlich maneuver on ? 
3 what lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , million , in u s history for sheika dena al farri ? 
0 what are amicable numbers ? 
1 what is the illinois state flower ? 
3 who won ms american in ? 
1 what kind of flowers does detective nero wolfe raise ? 
0 define the pheonix club ? 
3 who wrote ` hamlet ? 
5 how many revolutions does a standard lp make in three minutes ? 
3 which police department made the all time biggest cocaine bust in ventura county ? 
1 what is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ? 
5 when did theo rousseau paint the `` forest of fontaine' ? 
1 what novel did ian fleming introduce james bond in ? 
3 name of heroine in `` scruples' ? 
0 how do you convert foot pounds to foot inches ? 
3 what video game hero do some of his fans call chomper ? 
1 what was the name of baretta's cockatoo ? 
3 what is `` the airline built for professional travelers' ? 
0 how do you make a computer chip ? 
1 what triple crown winning horse took the belmont stakes by lengths ? 
3 what university fired angela davis ? 
0 what is ethology ? 
1 what is the name given to the tiger at louisiana state university ? 
1 what joseph l mankiewicz film cost million ? 
1 what was the first satellite to go into space ? 
3 which company created the internet browser mosaic ? 
3 who was the first host of person to person ? 
0 what is cerebral palsy ? 
5 how many states have a lottery ? 
4 what lake is sheboygan on ? 
5 what year did nylon stockings first go on sale ? 
1 what were the five opening words on ben casey ? 
1 what were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ? 
0 what is the origin of the word marijuana ? 
0 what is compaq's mission statement ? 
3 who was the first man to return to space ? 
3 name the fast food chain with the golden arches 
3 who discovered america ? 
0 how do you make panoramic sugar eggs for easter the ones with the scene inside ? 
3 what is steve rogers's profession when he's not captain america ? 
5 what date did neil armstrong land on the moon ? 
1 what is a fear of childbirth ? 
3 who was buffalo bill ? 
3 who was randy steven craft's lawyer ? 
5 how many states have a `` lemon law' for new automobiles ? 
0 what is plc ? 
5 what is the population of venezuela ? 
1 what are the most common elements in seawater ? 
1 name a movie that the actress , sandra bullock , had a role in 
3 what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ? 
1 what is the fear of cockroaches called ? 
3 who said `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?' 
3 which of these are authors ? 
4 where can i find correct tabs for third eye blind songs ? 
5 how many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ? 
3 what was the role of the medieval guild ? 
2 cnn is an acronym for what ? 
5 how many counties are in indiana ? 
1 what is the only artery that carries blue blood from the heart to the lungs ? 
0 what is the origin of the expression `` four letter word' ? 
1 what are the different approaches of systems analysis ? 
3 what is the most common boy's or girl's name ? 
1 what is a good book to read for people who hate to read ? 
1 what do penguins eat ? 
3 what kind of business is eleven ? 
4 what is the capital of persia ? 
5 how long does it take for spider man's web to evaporate ? 
3 which president was unmarried ? 
1 what was jimmy durante's theme song ? 
1 in what olympic games did nadia comaneci become popular ? 
3 who was william henry harrison ? 
5 how much of the nation's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ? 
0 what are solar cells ? 
3 what two new york yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ? 
3 what painter popularized soup cans and brillo soap pad boxes ? 
4 where did the japanese imperial forces surrender to end wwii ? 
5 how many languages are there in the world ? 
4 what country did king wenceslas rule ? 
5 how long should you feed your puppy purina puppy chow ? 
1 what deep throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ? 
3 who was the first x man to die in battle ? 
3 who was the last u s president to reinstate selective service registration ? 
1 what operating system do ibm compatible machines use ? 
4 in what city or state do the most gay men live in ? 
4 where is prince edward island ? 
1 what is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ? 
3 what police force did mack sennett create ? 
1 what was fdr's dog's name ? 
0 how can i get someone's email address ? 
4 where did freidreich wilhelm ludwig leichhardt , prussian born explorer , go to school ? 
0 what is toulmin logic ? 
4 what city's airport is named logan international ? 
3 what is her husband's name ? 
5 how much of an apple is water ? 
3 what american naval officer broke japan's isolationist policy in ? 
0 why did the aztecs first think the spanish were gods ? 
0 why is microsoft's windows software so successful ? 
5 how big is australia ? 
3 what actor was the first man to appear on the cover of mccall's ? 
4 what city is terrorized by dracula in the night stalker ? 
1 what color is the eight ball in pocket billiards ? 
5 how many watts make a kilowatt ? 
0 what is black hills , south dakota most famous for ? 
5 how many maids were milking ? 
1 what are the languages spoken by the natives in afghanistan ? 
0 what is bio diversity ? 
0 why do we call someone `` honey' ? 
4 what city is served by mccarren airport ? 
3 what was the nickname of model leslie hornby ? 
4 where can i take a test that will tell me what i should be when i grow up ? 
0 what is lung cancer ? 
0 what are the major differences in the catholic and methodist religions ? 
0 how does lightning travel ? 
5 what is the conversion rate between dollars and pounds ? 
5 how many bytes are in a terabyte ? 
3 who died feet from where john f kennedy did ? 
5 how many `` eyes' does a coconut have ? 
1 what product features a frog that says `` dig'em' ? 
1 what kind of puzzle first appeared in the u s in the new york world on december , ? 
3 what explorer was nicknamed iberia's pilot ? 
2 what is deet ? 
4 what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ? 
0 what is a biologist ? 
4 what is the highest mountain in the world ? 
1 what color bottles do good rhine wines come in ? 
4 what's the largest island in the west indies ? 
3 what onetime member of ronald reagan's cabinet called federal policy toward indians `` an example of the failure of socialism' ? 
0 what is fellatio ? 
0 how do you make a million bucks ? 
5 how much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ? 
4 what u s state boasts stone mountain , the world's largest mass of exposed granite ? 
0 why did the chicken cross the road ? 
3 what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? 
5 how many students attend the university of massachusetts ? 
1 what kind of car did janis joplin ask the lord to buy her ? 
0 what does `` sitting shiva' mean ? 
0 how is water treated to make it safe to drink ? 
1 what kind of animals were in the paleozoic era ? 
5 what is the population of china ? 
1 what is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ? 
3 what u s president showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ? 
3 what university was woodrow wilson president of ? 
4 where is ocho rios ? 
0 what is digitalis ? 
1 what song put james taylor in the limelight ? 
1 what was the name of the movie that starred sharon stone and arnold schwarzenegger ? 
0 what do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ? 
0 what happened to pepsi clear ? 
3 who does shakespeare's antonio borrow , ducats from ? 
4 what strait separates north america from asia ? 
0 what is the difference between the koran and the bible ? 
0 what currents affect the area of the shetland islands and orkney islands in the north sea ? 
1 what are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ? 
1 what's the easiest way to remove wallpaper ? 
4 what two countries contain sierra nevada mountains ? 
4 where did cable cars first roll down clay street in ? 
1 what color is indigo ? 
3 what u s congressman said `` keep the faith , baby' 
3 what well known actor is the father of star alan alda ? 
1 what's the dumbest domesticated animal ? 
1 what do camels store in their humps ? 
4 what is the location of edinburgh , scotland ? 
0 how can i call a friend in another country when i do not know the telephone number ? 
3 what famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ? 
5 when does the bible say the seasons started ? 
3 what was the name of the first watergate special prosecutor , later fired by nixon ? 
0 what does the name gina mean ? 
1 what is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ? 
1 what does a topophobic actor suffer from ? 
4 what asian gulf were the destroyers maddox and c turner joy shot up in ? 
5 how many gallons of water go over niagra falls every second ? 
0 what is `` bloodhound' ? 
5 what year did jack nicklaus join the professional golfers association tour ? 
5 when are sheep shorn ? 
1 what is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ? 
5 when is the jimmy buffett concert coming to the e center in camden nj ? 
5 how many people in america snore ? 
3 who created the fantastic four , hulk , and thor ? 
3 what mormon leader was said to have had wives ? 
0 what are pomegranates ? 
3 who was chairman of the senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of watergate ? 
0 how did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ? 
4 where did makeup originate ? 
1 what kind of tree graces lebanon's flag ? 
3 what television network flogged its sports programming on inga nielsen's body in ? 
5 how long was mao's s long march ? 
4 what country , after canada and mexico , is closest to the u s ? 
1 what kind of patent did ermal fraze get in ? 
1 what is the source of natural gas ? 
1 what was the name of sergeant preston of the yukon's lead dog ? 
3 who markets spaghetti o's ? 
0 why did several san diego schools remove apples from students menus ? 
4 what are the largest cities in the us ? 
0 what is caffeine ? 
4 what u s state has the lowest highest elevation at feet ? 
4 what southeast asian country has the wang river joining the ping river at tak ? 
3 who gave king arthur the round table ? 
0 how is bubble wrap made ? 
5 how many different vegetation zones are there ? 
3 who is the man behind the pig the man who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ? 
5 how many stars are there on the soviet union's flag ? 
1 what film or films has jude law appeared in ? 
1 in what war was the first submarine used ? 
1 what is bella abzug's sartorial trademark ? 
0 what's distinctive about a palmiped's feet ? 
3 who is olive oyl's brother ? 
1 what are the four most widely used languages in north america ? 
2 what is the abbreviation for texas ? 
1 what is the best way to travel in japan ? 
5 how many thousands of students attend the university of massachusetts ? 
1 what tv series changed the names to protect the innocent ? 
5 when did amtrak begin operations ? 
0 how is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ? 
0 what is graduate school ? 
5 how many colors was the s collectible called a donald duck rubber boat ? 
5 what is the average cost for four years of medical school ? 
0 what kind of greeting is appropriate to send on yom kippur ? 
3 what court does bob woodward describe in the brethren ? 
4 what are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the iberian peninsula in europe ? 
0 what is the definition of cosmology ? 
1 what film marked robert redford's directorial debut ? 
4 what island was the target of the u s 's operation urgent fury ? 
0 what are a baseball team's firemen ? 
5 how many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ? 
1 what sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ? 
3 what labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a michigan restaurant ? 
3 who was the second man to walk on the moon ? 
0 what was the `` dead man's hand' ? 
5 when did the last americans leave vietnam ? 
5 what was einstein's iq ? 
0 how did edith bunker die ? 
0 what is the purpose of the sysrq key on my computer keyboard ? 
4 what is the habitat of the chickadee ? 
5 how many people visit the pope each month ? 
5 what time of day did emperor hirohito die ? 
3 what comic of tv's golden age went by the motto `` anything for a laugh' ? 
3 who was president of costa rica in ? 
0 what is eagle's syndrome styloid process ? 
1 what instrument is ray charles best known for playing ? 
3 what wrestling star became `` the incredible hulk' ? 
4 where do the adventures of `` the swiss family robinson' take place ? 
0 what are xerophytes ? 
4 what south american country won its first world cup soccer title in ? 
1 what crop failure caused the irish famine ? 
5 how many dots make up the symbol for `` because' ? 
3 what mayor made so many tv appearances he was asked to join aftra in ? 
5 how many states did richard nixon carry in ? 
5 when will jean aeul publish her next book ? 
0 what was the living room war ? 
3 who lives at sussex drive , ottawa ? 
1 which thrilled taste buds first snickers or musketeers ? 
3 what is the best distance education university or college ? 
1 what is `` the taste that beats the others cold' ? 
4 where is the statistical abstract of the united states online ? 
0 what is teflon ? 
5 how many dogs pull a sled in the iditarod ? 
1 what currency does argentina use ? 
0 how do i get my lan card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a hub ? 
2 what does inri stand for when used on jesus cross ? 
3 what american composer wrote the music for `` west side story' ? 
1 name the vessel used by the atari force in the dc comics 
0 how do you write a book report ? 
5 how many members are in the california congressional delegation ? 
5 how many chairs are shown in vincent van gogh's work the artist's room in arles ? 
0 how did the hohenzollerns build their power around ? 
0 what did delilah do to samson's hair ? 
5 how many john deere tractors have been manufactured ? 
3 who was the last woman executed in england ? 
5 what was the great britain population from ? 
3 what major league baseball team compiled the best won lost record between and ? 
0 how do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ? 
3 what is the most popular last name ? 
1 what do you call a professional map drawer ? 
5 when did gothic art and architecture flourish ? 
3 what was the occupation of mandy rice davies ? 
4 what mountain range extends from the gulf of st lawrence to alabama ? 
0 what do the figures represent on the easter island ? 
3 what creative genius said `` everything comes to him who hustles while he waits' ? 
5 how many calories are in a tomato ? 
3 what former major league left handed baseball pitcher was known as `` space man' ? 
5 how many horses are there on a polo team ? 
0 what according to the kinsey institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of american males ? 
0 what is a jake brake ? 
0 what are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ? 
5 what is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ? 
4 what's the nearest star to earth ? 
1 what type of bridge is the golden gate bridge ? 
4 in what nation is edessa located nowadays ? 
3 who is langston hughes ? 
4 what was the nationality of jackson pollock ? 
4 where was tesla born ? 
0 how can you contact play producers and promoters on line ? 
5 when was london's docklands light railway constructed ? 
1 what's destroyed in genesis ? 
5 how much money does the sultan of brunei have ? 
3 what are the three most successful companies of our time ? 
0 what is amezaiku ? 
1 what part of your body contains the corpus callosum ? 
1 what does a deltiologist collect ? 
3 who used auh o as an election slogan ? 
1 what is the main ingredient of yogurt ? 
4 what is the richest state in the u s ? 
0 what are the living conditions in cuba ? 
5 how many people die from snakebite poisoning in the u s per year ? 
3 what catch character is elected mayor of half a dozen italian cities ? 
3 who directed `` jaws' ? 
3 what is the best art and design school in the world ? 
4 which country has the most water pollution ? 
3 what woman pitcher has struck out ted williams and hank aaron ? 
1 which beatles disc cover honors the rolling stones ? 
5 how much snow equals an inch of rain ? 
3 who won world war ii ? 
0 what makes thunder ? 
3 who was the first prime minister of canada ? 
3 who's baby was sweet pea on the popeye cartoon ? 
0 what is it like to experience a near death episode ? 
5 cnn began broadcasting in what year ? 
3 what baseball great plugged mr coffee ? 
3 what future soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to marxism ? 
5 what does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ? 
0 what is la nina ? 
1 what does ribavirin consist of ? 
1 what color poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ? 
5 how many milligrams are in a gram ? 
1 what are some translations of the phrase `` thank you' ? 
4 what is mark mcgwire's e mail address ? 
3 what ill fated american general dragged a bull terrier named willie through world war ii ? 
1 what product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun' ? 
1 what did vasco da gama discover ? 
4 where can i find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ? 
3 what apostle is taylor caldwell's great lion of god ? 
1 what is the rarest coin ? 
0 what is the origin of the word `` teddy bear' ? 
4 what country borders the most others ? 
2 what does r e m stand for , as in the rock group r e m ? 
5 what is the price for aaa's liability auto insurance ? 
0 what is pneumonia ? 
1 what is a fear of odors , body , ? 
0 why do movie and tv stars get paid so much ? 
1 what are the ingredients of coca cola ? 
4 what city is kdge radio located in ? 
4 where is milan ? 
1 what is the name of the occurrence in which british troops killed over unarmed indian protestors ? 
4 what country saw the origin of the asian flu ? 
0 what is crabgrass ? 
2 what does s o s stand for ? 
1 what game's board shows the territories of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ? 
1 what are the main blood vessels ? 
3 who was the most famous food editor of the new york times ? 
3 what president once told gene autry `` please give my regards to your wife dale' ? 
4 what country will hit the year first ? 
3 what baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums' by its frustrated fans ? 
4 what is the name of the gulf between sweden and finland ? 
3 what russian master spy lived in the u s under the name emil goldfus ? 
0 what are the lyrics to the star spangled banner ? 
3 who made the most appearances in the center square on hollywood squares ? 
5 how many hands does bjorn borg use when hitting his forehand ? 
1 what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ? 
3 who painted the ceiling of the sistine chapel ? 
0 what does the name shawn mean ? 
5 in which year was new zealand excluded from the anzus alliance ? 
1 what disease is the second biggest killer of north americans ? 
0 what are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in california ? 
4 where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ? 
3 what comedian was banned from the ed sullivan show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show's host ? 
5 when did president kennedy , lee harvey oswald , and jack ruby all die ? 
3 what bottled up tv character was born in baghdad ? 
5 what is the population of japan ? 
4 what web sites are linked to the report on genesis eldercare ? 
1 what was edward albee's first full length play ? 
4 what u s city is the queen of the pacific ? 
0 how can you stop the itch from poison ivy ? 
0 what is a `` false moon' ? 
5 what is the world's population ? 
5 shea and gould had an office in los angeles for how long before closing it ? 
4 what united states city produces the most oil ? 
1 what soap was touted as being `` for people who like people' ? 
1 what is a group of turkeys called ? 
1 what was another name for east germany ? 
1 what are the historical trials following world war ii called ? 
1 what's the hardest substance in the human body ? 
0 why do some people have two different color eyes ? 
0 how can you prevent it ? 
1 what does visine get out ? 
1 what feud ended with a marriage in kentucky on march , ? 
0 how can i get rich quick ? 
0 how can i get someone's phone number if i only have their screen name ? 
3 what kind of organization is ` last chance for animals ? 
5 how long was the oj simpson trial ? 
0 what is troilism ? 
4 where is the abominable snowman said to wander ? 
1 what is a fear of punishment ? 
3 who says , `` if you don't look good , we don't look good' ? 
0 how do you make the color purple ? 
4 name the highest mountain 
5 when was john d rockefeller born ? 
5 how many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ? 
3 what famous new york city mayor wrote the hit song , `` will you love me in december as you do in may ?' 
4 what state's home to the buffalo bill historical center ? 
1 what's the slowest olympic swimming stroke ? 
4 where can i find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ? 
1 what is the world's deadliest infectious disease ? 
3 what is alice cooper's real name ? 
4 what is the largest city in the u s ? 
0 how do i find a snowboarding website ? 
5 how much does water weigh ? 
1 what magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ? 
4 where can i get a map of prussia on the internet ? 
3 what company sells the most greeting cards ? 
5 what is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is pages long ? 
2 what does the abbreviation sos mean ? 
0 what are kythnos , siphnos , seriphos and mykonos ? 
3 who appointed the chair of the federal reserve ? 
3 what college produced the most winning super bowl quarterbacks ? 
1 which mosquito's bite draws blood , dt nn cc dt nn 
1 what joins white wine to put the spritz in a spritzer ? 
0 what is a handheld pc ? 
1 what michelangelo sculpture is in saint peter's cathedral , basilica , ? 
4 which city has the oldest relationship as a sister city with los angeles ? 
5 how fast is alcohol absorbed ? 
0 how do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ? 
1 what is a fear of trees ? 
0 how you can raise your iq ? 
4 which way do you turn your bic to increase the flame clockwise or counterclockwise ? 
1 what type of exercise burns the most calories ? 
1 what marx brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ? 
3 who is johnny carson ? 
1 what do ladybugs eat ? 
3 what mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ? 
3 who is colin powell ? 
1 what is the nickname of the cleveland indians ? 
0 what are geckos ? 
4 what is stefan edberg's native country ? 
0 in the song `` yankee doodle ,' why did yankee doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ? 
1 what william makepeace thackeray novel was made into a film by stanley kubrick ? 
0 how do i tie a tie ? 
1 what spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ? 
1 what is the name of the dog on the cracker jack box ? 
0 what causes gray hair ? 
1 what was paper made of in the late th century ? 
3 who lived on the shores of the gitchee gumee river ? 
1 what ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ? 
4 where in the bible does it tell about jesus christ's brothers and sisters ? 
2 what does nasa stand for ? 
5 how far is the longest hole in on any golf course and where did it happen ? 
3 what s cowboy star rode tony the wonder horse ? 
0 what do the names neil , mary , and anthony mean ? 
3 what former african leader held his country's boxing title for nine years ? 
4 what river does the grand coulee dam dam ? 
5 what is the telephone number for the university of kentucky ? 
4 what's the sacred river of india ? 
0 how do movie blues screens work ? 
1 what's the international lawn tennis challenge trophy usually called ? 
3 what `` marvelous' major league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ? 
3 what is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to ireland instead of to los angeles ? 
1 what's the term for a young fox ? 
1 what songs were popular in ? 
0 what is an eclipse ? 
5 how many american soldiers have died for their country to date ? 
2 what does the abbreviation oas stand for ? 
0 what will a compass do in outer space ? 
4 what river in the us is known as the big muddy ? 
1 what horse did zorro ride ? 
5 when did hitler come to power in germany ? 
0 how do i start a bank ? 
3 what is supergirl's secret identity ? 
0 how do i change a file from an art file to a jpeg or bitmap file ? 
0 how did bob marley die ? 
1 what oldtime kids fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most subversive tv shows in american history' ? 
1 what kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ? 
1 what letter is to the right of k on a typewriter keyboard ? 
1 what is the statue of liberty made of ? 
4 what river is pocahontas buried along ? 
0 how close a cousin was franklin d to theodore roosevelt ? 
1 what soft drink held a national flavor poll in ? 
1 what words in the english have two u's back to back ? 
0 how do you fix squeaky floors ? 
0 what is deadrise , nautical , ? 
1 what does a philatelist collect ? 
1 what is a fear of hair ? 
0 what is a fuel cell ? 
0 what is the history of hot wheels cars , and how are they produced ? 
1 what overalls are named for dungri , a suburb of bombay ? 
3 who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ? 
3 what famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera hansel and gretel ? 
1 what product did robert conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ? 
0 what is megan's law ? 
0 why does a wheel , e g a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ? 
1 what tools do you use to crewel ? 
3 what army's motto is blood and fire ? 
1 name the words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except q , with no repeats 
5 what was the annual salary for a boilermaker ? 
0 what does freddy freeman say to become captain marvel jr ? 
3 what's the nickname of oddsmaker jimmy snyder ? 
0 what is agent orange ? 
0 what is tyvek ? 
2 what is mikhail gorbachev's middle initial ? 
5 mercury , what year was it discovered ? 
1 name a sioux language 
1 what is a fear of home surroundings ? 
1 what cbs soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of john f kennedy's assassination ? 
1 what animals do you find in the stock market ? 
1 what do you call a group of geese ? 
4 what u s state boasts leif ericson park ? 
4 where is the savannah river ? 
0 what does the word affiant mean ? 
0 what are triglycerides ? 
3 name a female figure skater 
3 what are the top ten all time money making nfl teams ? 
5 what are the numbers that fit into fermont's last theorem ? 
1 what disease did august von wassermann develop a specific test for in ? 
4 where does the opera singer ileana cotrubas come from ? 
3 what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ? 
1 in the miller lite tv commercial , who is the creature ? 
4 what u s state has an element named for it ? 
5 how long were tyrannosaurus rex's teeth ? 
4 what botanical marvel did nebuchadnezzar build ? 
5 how many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` around the world' ? 
1 what is the most radioactive food ? 
4 where is the largest post office building in the world ? 
1 what kind of sports did they play in the years , the english civil war time ? 
5 when did lucelly garcia , a former ambassador of columbia to honduras , die ? 
1 what did esquire name ash hole of the year for ? 
0 what did lenny bruce say that got him arrested ? 
0 why are the rooftops in canada green ? 
0 how was the element calcium named ? 
0 what does the dot on the letter i mean ? 
1 what is the main language of sao paulo , brazil ? 
3 who was international olympic committee chairman at the summer games ? 
1 what award is the `` oscar' of advertising ? 
0 how do i start a web based business ? 
0 what is doegs ? 
4 what town was the setting for the music man ? 
0 what made jane goodall famous ? 
4 what are the benelux countries ? 
5 how many men died building the mackinaw bridge ? 
1 what is money made of ? 
0 what is the difference between love and infatuation ? 
3 who is the founder of scientology ? 
1 what was the name of the crimean meeting of roosevelt , churchill , and stalin ? 
3 what is the name of the company that manufactures the `` american girl' doll collection ? 
1 what was a california prayer book to an old west gambler ? 
5 how many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ? 
0 how come a doughnut has a hole in it ? 
3 who wrote brave new world ? 
0 what is a philanthropist ? 
1 what tennis term is said to come from the french word for egg ? 
0 why do usa fax machines not work in uk , nnp ? 
5 when did humans first begin to write history seriously ? 
1 what is the name of william penn's ship ? 
3 who played the ringo kid in the film stagecoach ? 
0 what is commonly considered the fifth sense ? 
0 what was the claim to fame of king camp gillette ? 
1 what are the most albums sold by one artist or band ? 
5 the iraqis launched their attack on kuwait on what day ? 
4 what colorado city owns its own glacier ? 
1 what is a fear of going to bed ? 
1 what's the name of the tokyo stock exchange ? 
4 in which state are the mark twain national forests ? 
0 what is the text of the fifth amendment ? 
3 what college did dikembe mutombo play basketball for ? 
4 what canadian city has the largest population ? 
1 what was mae west's last film ? 
5 how many people was randy craft convicted of killing ? 
1 what primary colors do you mix to make orange ? 
5 when was ozzy osbourne born ? 
4 where does ray bradbury's chronicles take place ? 
0 what do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ? 
4 what is the oldest building in the united states ? 
1 what five time winner of the kentucky derby lost his first races ? 
1 what garment was named for bradley , voorhees and day ? 
5 what is the speed of light ? 
4 what is the largest lake in north america ? 
4 what southern california town is named after a character made famous by edgar rice burroughs ? 
1 what is the scientific name for elephant ? 
5 how many visitors go to the vatican each year ? 
0 what is e coli ? 
0 what is a leper ? 
0 how does the chain of command work inside an us army apache helicopter ? 
5 how wide is the atlantic ocean ? 
3 what is a person called that likes fire ? 
3 what american sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during world war ii and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two oscars ? 
2 what does bmw stand for ? 
3 what actor said in a day at the races `` either he's dead or my watch has stopped' ? 
3 which college did dikembe mutombo play basketball for ? 
0 what is the difference between a median and a mean ? 
0 what is a caldera ? 
1 what first aid product `` helps the hurt stop hurting' ? 
4 where did the th annual meeting of indonesia malaysia forest experts take place ? 
4 where is there information on the novel `` el cid' ? 
5 what is the chemical reactivity of neon ? 
3 who was president in ? 
3 name the two youngsters saved by the animated moby dick 
4 where is mccarren airport located ? 
0 what is endometriosis ? 
0 what is the effect of acid rain ? 
0 what is being done about the millennium bug ? 
4 what is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ? 
4 what planet did percival lovell discover ? 
1 what impenetrable system of french fortifications was built along the german frontier before world war ii ? 
3 who is the mayor of marbella ? 
5 what will the california gas tax be in the year ? 
4 what city does orly airport serve ? 
0 how does psorisis disappear ? 
4 what are the two cities in dicken's `` a tale of two cities' ? 
3 what multitalented academy award winning director failed a college course in motion picture production ? 
1 what's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ? 
3 who discovered x rays ? 
0 what are the current immigration laws in us ? 
4 what room did w c fields keep his library in ? 
4 what's the second highest mountain in the world ? 
5 what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o'hara ? 
3 what president dispatched a cruiser to carry charles lindbergh home after his epic flight ? 
5 how many zeros are there in a trillion ? 
0 what do the days of christmas mean ? 
0 how does an ion drive work ? 
3 what did andy hardy's father do for a living ? 
3 who is the superstar in rent a cars ? 
4 what country is the largest diamond producer ? 
0 what are coral reefs ? 
1 what does a spermologer collect ? 
1 what is the fear of the computer called ? 
5 how many minutes were there on the original ge college bowl clock ? 
3 which rockefeller was sometimes called `` jdr ' ? 
5 what is the population of mexico ? 
1 what is the name of the family circus's dog ? 
3 what person's head is on a dime ? 
5 how many years do fossils take to form ? 
5 how many beatles records went ? 
0 what does `` antidisestablishmentarianism' mean ? 
5 about how many soldiers died in world war ii ? 
5 what's the fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ? 
0 what is head start ? 
3 who is the sexiest women in the world ? 
3 who's played the most games for the new york yankees ? 
0 what is the difference between college and graduate school ? 
1 name of king arthur's sword ? 
4 what metropolis landmark was first introduced in the superman cartoons of the 's ? 
3 who portrayed vincent van gogh in lust for life ? 
0 what caused the death of bob marley ? 
1 what is a fear of machinery ? 
1 what flower did vincent van gogh paint ? 
1 what four legged creature did a cornell university study say would make man's best companion in space ? 
3 who was the first elected mayor of washington , d c ? 
1 what boris pasternak book sold , copies to become the fiction best seller of ? 
5 how many fingers are used to draw a bow ? 
0 how does color affect a person psychologically ? 
3 who wrote the collector ? 
3 name randy craft's lawyer 
3 what th century fictional character attends pencey prep school ? 
3 what is nicholas cage's occupation ? 
4 what is the longest suspension bridge in the u s ? 
1 what did jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ? 
0 what is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ? 
4 what continent pushes up the executive committee mountain range ? 
0 how do you get bubblegum out of carpet ? 
0 what are invertebrates ? 
0 how do you do a bibliography page ? 
0 what is metabolism ? 
3 who portrayed portly criminologist carl hyatt on checkmate ? 
3 who is the only prime minister of canada to serve years but not necessarily consecutively ? 
1 what bowl game began as an east west contest between michigan and stanford in ? 
1 what did abolitionists try to end ? 
4 what is the tallest building in japan ? 
0 what are the words to the cd eminem's , or slim shady , `` my name is' ? 
4 what soviet seaport is on the black sea ? 
0 what does the name `` anthony' mean ? 
4 where is belize located ? 
0 what is the bernoulli principle ? 
4 where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , lane victory , which merchant marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ? 
0 how can you become an fbi agent ? 
5 when is hurricane season in the caribbean ? 
0 how do you use an intranet ? 
0 how do you ask questions ? 
3 what tv character sired a horse named thunder ? 
1 what are `` darning needles' and `` horse stingers' better known as ? 
1 what erica jong novel deals with isadora wing's fear ? 
3 who are the top ten richest people in the world ? 
4 where are the rocky mountains ? 
1 what mineral helps prevent osteoporosis ? 
0 what is genocide ? 
4 what are some mythology websites ? 
0 what is the origin of the word trigonometry ? 
3 rotary engines were manufactured by which company ? 
3 who gave us the `` rolling writer' ? 
4 where is poe's birthplace ? 
0 what is a nematode ? 
1 what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones's from here to eternity ? 
5 what was the u s highway death toll in ? 
1 what is the collective noun for geese ? 
1 which killer whale died at sea world of a fungal infection ? 
1 which infectious disease is the world's deadliest ? 
3 who is the premier of china ? 
1 name a movie about the sioux indians starring kevin costner 
4 where are the headquarters of eli lilly ? 
1 what's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ? 
4 what are the world's four oceans ? 
3 who was the first russian astronaut to walk in space ? 
0 how effective are condoms in protecting against aids ? 
1 what's the symbol for the zodiacal sign gemini ? 
0 what is archimedes famous for ? 
5 when was florida admitted into the union ? 
0 what did john f kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ? 
4 where can i find all the information i need to know about the english civil war , , ? 
1 what comic strip sometimes features a mailman named beasley ? 
3 who was the first woman governor of wyoming ? 
3 who was president cleveland's wife ? 
3 what green bay packers coach philosophized `` there's nothing that stokes the fire like hate' ? 
0 what does an emperor do ? 
3 who was the first holy roman emperor ? 
5 how many blacks served in the vietnam war 
3 what classical spanish writer warned `` all that glitters is not gold' ? 
1 what sport does chris jogis play ? 
5 what year did hitler die ? 
1 what should the oven be set at for baking peachy oat muffins ? 
3 what well known music personality is the father of an adopted son named hans christian henderson ? 
3 what ivy league school plays its home games at palmer stadium ? 
5 when did thatcher become prime minister ? 
0 what happens when lightning strikes a body of water ? 
0 for what reason did the shea gould law firm close their l a office ? 
3 who was known as the time master in comic books ? 
5 how many colleges are in wyoming ? 
3 which company claimed to be `` the world's biggest toy store' ? 
3 who lives at stone canyon way ? 
5 what percentage of american men are alcoholic ? 
5 how much is clara peller being paid by wendy's to say `` where's the beef' ? 
0 why were red m ms discontinued then brought back ? 
3 which team won the super bowl in ? 
0 how do you use `` farther' as opposed to `` further' ? 
5 how many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ? 
3 what is the oldest profession ? 
5 what year did the vietnam war end ? 
4 what state was herbert hoover born in ? 
5 how many admirals are there in the u s navy ? 
3 who was the prophet of the jewish people ? 
1 what was paul bunyan's ox's name ? 
3 what company produces spumante ? 
3 who is a german philosopher ? 
5 what are the statistics for drunken drivers in maryland ? 
5 how long was the longest hiccup attack ? 
0 how do you solve `` rubik's cube' ? 
1 what is the only vegetable that starts with `` z' ? 
3 what college did joe namath play football for ? 
4 where can i learn about samuel gompers ? 
4 what populous state covers , square miles ? 
5 how many countries are there ? 
4 where can i find info on alexander mackenzie ? 
4 where is the shawnee national forest ? 
4 where are the british crown jewels kept ? 
0 why should cigarette smoking be banned ? 
0 what does idle mean ? 
3 who was garrett morgan married to ? 
1 what is the dot on an the letter i called ? 
0 how does zatanna perform her magic in dc comics ? 
1 what is the world's best selling cookie ? 
0 what is pandoro ? 
0 what is a horologist ? 
1 what was the worst hurricane ? 
4 what river runs through liverpool ? 
0 what is the history of `` the toast' ? 
4 what two states is washington d c between ? 
0 what does choo choo charlie say ? 
1 what dickens novel has david carrying the message `` barkis is willin' to peggy ? 
3 who wrote the look of love after viewing ursula andress ? 
4 what country was kim philby really working for ? 
0 how do i do this ? 
5 the sun's core , what is the temperature ? 
4 what country does ileana cotrubas come from ? 
1 what was the alternate to vhs ? 
0 how do i get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name kilvington ? 
4 where did woodstock take place ? 
0 how do i tie dye clothes ? 
0 what is hydroelectricity ? 
0 what is the definition of the term `` weapons system' ? 
4 what's the capital of taiwan ? 
0 what is die casting ? 
3 who invented the game bowling ? 
5 what is the average hourly rate of american workers ? 
1 what kind of wine is spumante ? 
4 where is the oldest living thing on earth ? 
4 what volcano showers ash on sicily ? 
4 what is new england's highest mountain ? 
5 how many of every members of the rodeo cowboys association have never worked a ranch ? 
3 who was santos dumont ? 
5 what is the per capita income of colombia , south america , ? 
3 who invented the process to make condensed milk ? 
3 who are cartoondom's super six ? 
1 what is the best way to overcome a fear ? 
1 what was the name of the u s navy gunboat in the film the sand pebbles ? 
0 what is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ? 
1 what do bicornate animals have two of ? 
0 what is the highest roman numeral ? 
1 what was the food of the greek gods called ? 
0 what is d b cooper known for ? 
5 when was the telephone invented ? 
4 what sun blasted , mile wide valley is just north of the mojave desert ? 
5 how old is singer freedy johnston ? 
5 what chapter of the bible has the most verses ? 
2 what's the abbreviation for limited partnership ? 
0 what are enzymes ? 
3 who were the yankee's frequent enemies ? 
3 what indian tribe is f troop perpetually doing battle with ? 
0 what is a virtual ip address ? 
3 who shot and killed himself while painting wheatfield with crows ? 
1 what was the bridge of san luis rey made of ? 
4 what country did the nazis occupy for , cd nns in nnp nnp nnp 
3 what actor first portrayed james bond ? 
1 what kind of gas is in a fluorescent bulb ? 
3 name a band which was famous in the 's 
1 what do west indian steel bands use as instruments ? 
1 which came first , according to genesis the chicken or the egg ? 
5 when was the first successful heart transplant for a human ? 
0 how does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave or ` pulse 
4 what mountainous region of the world is the lhasa apso dog native to ? 
3 what national basketball association superstar told his story in giant steps ? 
3 who played sally rogers on the dick van dyke show ? 
4 where can i find full written draft of ctbt ? 
4 which city in canada is the least populated ? 
3 who is behind the name of the harvey wallbanger drink ? 
3 who was the inventor of silly putty ? 
4 what are all the rivers in europe ? 
5 how long does it take to hike the entire appalachian trail ? 
0 how does james bond like his martinis ? 
4 what river runs through liverpool ? 
3 who tramped through florida looking for the fountain of youth ? 
4 where is kings canyon ? 
5 when do you plant winter wheat ? 
5 what is the busiest air travel season ? 
0 why are there no white lines on pro footballs ? 
0 colin powell is famous for what ? 
0 how is the election of a new pope announced to the world ? 
0 what is rheumatoid arthritis ? 
3 who is always trying to get the rent from andy capp ? 
1 what are some good exercises for kids to do ? 
0 what revelation did alexander butterfield make to the senate watergate committee ? 
3 who's the only president buried in washington 
1 what's the name of the tampa newspaper ? 
4 where can i find information on the cyclone that hit new jersey on ? 
0 what was the infamous feat of germany's u submarine ? 
0 what facial feature did walt disney sport that none of disney's employees is allowed to ? 
4 what country offered albert einstein its presidency in ? 
5 how many james bond novels are there ? 
3 what was her real name ? 
4 where are the u s headquarters for procter gamble ? 
4 the orange bowl is located in what city ? 
1 what has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ? 
5 when did the chernobyl nuclear accident occur ? 
1 what shakespeare play opens with the line `` now is the winter of our discontent ' ? 
3 name the various costumed personas of dr henry pym 
3 who claimed he killed , buffalo as food for the crew building the kansas pacific railway ? 
1 how do you say i love you in spanish ? 
3 who wrote ` the pines of rome ? 
1 what is mississippi's state animal ? 
0 what are the side effects of mevacor ? 
1 what is the name of the song that dracula plays on the organ ? 
4 what is the oldest website on the internet ? 
5 how many grooves are on a dime's edge ? 
5 what was the target rate for m growth in ? 
1 what species is a colt ? 
0 what is the highest roman numeral ? 
0 what is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ? 
4 what desert has been called the garden of allah ? 
5 how many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a page screenplay ? 
5 when was yemen reunified ? 
0 what incident caused the canning of a summit conference between eisenhower and khrushchev ? 
1 what is a fear of parasites ? 
1 what program do i need to run a tbk file ? 
0 what are maid rites ? 
3 who was the actor who played sam in the movie casablanca ? 
5 how high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ? 
4 where is glasgow ? 
1 at christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ? 
4 what famed london criminal court was once a feudal castle ? 
3 what president lived at north delaware street , independence , missouri ? 
1 what is the fastest computer ? 
5 when did the royal wedding of prince andrew and fergie take place ? 
4 what country contains africa's northernmost point ? 
4 what city is the kentucky horse park near ? 
1 what cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop' ? 
3 what king was forced to agree to the magna carta ? 
1 what's the most popular form of bridge ? 
0 how do you get dates with the `` hooters' girls ? 
1 which of the five senses develops first ? 
4 what is the largest city in texas ? 
4 where are the union stockyards ? 
3 who is the prime minister in norway ? 
5 how many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ? 
5 how many community chest cards are there in monopoly ? 
3 who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself' ? 
0 how do plants make food ? 
3 what son of a year old mexican girl and a half irish father became the world's most famous greek ? 
4 what kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ? 
5 how much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ? 
3 what was al capone's nickname ? 
3 who is malaysia's rd prime minister ? 
3 what was the real name of writer ross macdonald , creator of the hero lew archer ? 
3 whose old london come on was `` buy my sweet lavender' ? 
1 what war did the wanna go home riots occur after ? 
4 what island has a park called the battery at is southern tip ? 
0 what is an earthquake ? 
3 who was the abolitionist who led the raid on harper's ferry in ? 
0 what is dianetics ? 
5 dialing , , tree to have a tree planted will cost how much ? 
3 what is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in top cat's neighborhood ? 
1 what kind of species is the monster in the film `` jaws' ? 
3 what british female pop singing star of the s and early s was a child actress in the s and' s ? 
5 what geological time do we live in ? 
3 what comedian was born allen stewart konigsberg ? 
0 what are the twin cities ? 
3 who was the th century fire and brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ? 
1 what newspaper serves salt lake city ? 
3 what team did babe ruth play his first major league game for ? 
3 who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military joint chiefs of staff ? 
0 what is the meaning of the name ella ? 
5 what year did rossetti paint `` beata beatrix' ? 
4 where did the myth of santa claus originate ? 
4 what is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ? 
0 what is a phalanx ? 
5 what is the size of argentina ? 
4 what city had a world fair in ? 
1 what is beethoven's th symphony called ? 
3 who was the pride of the yankees ? 
0 what happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ? 
5 what day was pearl harbor attacked in ? 
1 what was the name of aristotle onassis's yacht ? 
3 what actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading scotland forever ? 
5 how many months does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ? 
3 what famous soldier was born in europe , died in asia , and was laid to rest in africa ? 
5 what is the starting salary of a radiographer ? 
3 what attorneys work for the center for the defense of free enterprise ? 
5 in which year was the cartoon character chilly willy created ? 
3 who is samuel f pickering ? 
0 how do i know how much money to save for retirement ? 
0 why was henry ford's first automobile calleda model t his second type of automobile , introduced in , called a model a ? 
3 what part did john peter zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in america ? 
3 who declared `` i am down on whores and i shan't stop ripping them' ? 
3 what dynasty star made her th century fox debut in the virgin queen ? 
1 what is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ? 
5 how much does a new railroad coal car cost ? 
3 which comedian's signature line is `` can we talk' ? 
1 which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning' ? 
5 how many eyes does a bat have ? 
4 what is worth seeing in reims ? 
1 what color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ? 
1 what was the first gilbert and sullivan opera ? 
5 what is the average body temperature ? 
2 what does e g stand for ? 
1 what film did lee marvin win the best actor oscar for ? 
0 what nuclear process takes place in an h bomb ? 
3 who do herb and tootsie live next door to ? 
4 what asian country has a bill of rights for cows ? 
1 what was the first domesticated bird ? 
3 who is the composer of `` canon in d major' ? 
0 what is the origin of the word assassinate ? 
4 what city's the kickoff point for climbs of mount everest ? 
4 what's the largest u s city on the great lakes ? 
5 how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ? 
5 how much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ? 
5 when was babe ruth born ? 
3 who killed john f kennedy ? 
4 what is the capital of ethiopia ? 
4 what french province is cognac produced in ? 
4 what is the largest city on the great lakes ? 
1 what precious stone is a form of pure carbon ? 
3 name the two blob members of the animated herculoids 
0 how do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ? 
4 where did the mayan indians live ? 
4 what is the principal river of ireland ? 
0 what is australia day ? 
4 where is the orange bowl ? 
5 what is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ? 
3 when called upon to surrender , what american general replied , `` sir , i have not yet begun to fight ' ? 
1 italy is the largest producer of what ? 
0 what is `` snoogans' ? 
1 what do you call a `` twirl' in ballet ? 
1 which drug is commonly used to treat aids ? 
3 what diamond producer controls about of the world's diamonds ? 
1 what is a fear of reptiles ? 
4 what is a country that starts with the letter x ? 
0 what is leukemia ? 
0 what is the contents of proposition ? 
0 why did the anglican church split from the vatican ? 
1 what are common methods used to regulate monopolies ? 
1 what is the heaviest naturally occurring element ? 
3 what argentine boxer was shot dead outside a nevada brothel in may ? 
3 what are the first names of rowan and martin , the stars of tv's laugh in ? 
4 what state did the battle of bighorn take place in ? 
1 what was the killer whale who died at sea world of a fungal infection named ? 
3 what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ? 
5 how many oceans are there and name them ? 
1 what cancer is commonly associated with aids ? 
2 what does the channel espn stand for ? 
1 which is the best opening move in chess ? 
1 what is the trademark of a washington redskin's fan ? 
1 what color is `` ash' ? 
3 who was the tallest u s president ? 
1 what is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ? 
0 what is a plant supplement ? 
0 what did mighty mouse always sing as he went into action ? 
1 how do you say in latin ? 
4 what are all the southern states of the u s ? 
3 who said `` give me liberty or give me death' ? 
3 when the tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the u s , what moving company transported it ? 
3 who is barbara jordan ? 
1 what three colors of ink are used to print a u s dollar bill ? 
4 what country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the turks in libya ? 
0 why do roosters sing at five o'clock in the morning ? 
2 what is bph ? 
5 how many children does ray davies of the kinks have ? 
4 where is the kentucky horse park located ? 
3 who penned `` neither a borrower nor a lender be' ? 
0 what does the term mean to a newspaper editor ? 
3 what director made one silent and one sound version of the ten commandments ? 
4 where can i find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand japanese ? 
5 when did spain and korea start ambassadorial relations ? 
5 what do englishmen weigh themselves in ? 
5 how much was the minimum wage in ? 
5 how many people died on d day ? 
0 what is cholesterol ? 
0 what is sound ? 
3 which doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ? 
3 silly putty was invented by whom ? 
0 how did ` stat come to be used as an expression for quickly ? 
4 where on the internet can i get information about the fifth amendment on the american bill of rights ? 
1 what song served as the closing theme of the johnny cash show ? 
1 what does a heliologist study ? 
0 what is nuclear power ? 
1 what was the name of roy rogers's dog ? 
3 what pulitzer prize winning novelist ran for mayor of new york city ? 
1 where is the human skin least sensitive ? 
4 what state did anita bryant represent in the miss america contest ? 
1 what's the most popular four player game of all time ? 
0 what is splatterpunk ? 
5 how much did manchester united spend on players in ? 
4 jackson pollock was a native of what country ? 
3 what was the ventura county police department that seized the county's largest amount of cocaine ever ? 
5 what is the frequency of vhf ? 
4 where is guam ? 
5 how much in miles is a ten k run ? 
4 where are the busiest amtrak rail stations in the u s ? 
3 what actor dressed up as santa claus and had a once a year affair with actress shelley winters every christmas for many years ? 
4 where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ? 
1 what is the connection between new krypton and daxam ? 
1 what is a fear of pregnancy ? 
5 how many athletes did puerto rico enter in the winter olympics ? 
4 what nationality is a sicilian ? 
0 how is energy created ? 
0 what is the definition of cecum ? 
3 what is shakespeare's nickname ? 
0 what is titanium ? 
3 what is the name of the firm that makes spumante ? 
1 what is the medical term for cancer of the blood ? 
0 how do you clean up a cache ? 
0 how do they type chinese characters on a keyboard ? 
3 what record company produced the movie the wiz ? 
4 what is the capital of uruguay ? 
0 how did the bikini bathing suite get its name ? 
0 why do some clothing labels say `` use a nonchlorine bleach' ? 
1 what shape shifting menace did rom come to earth to fight ? 
3 rotary engines used to be made by whom ? 
3 who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ? 
3 what south african producer had a profit of million ? 
1 what future movie treat was introduced to american colonists in by native americans ? 
1 what is a fear of water ? 
0 what does the double o indicate in ? 
0 what is an atom ? 
3 what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has quintillion potential combinations ? 
1 what car was driven in the release of `` smokey and the bandit' ? 
5 what percent of world's fresh water is found in canada ? 
3 who was the first african american to win the nobel prize in literature ? 
0 what was suzy parker doing to earn , in the early 's ? 
0 what is the peloponnesian league ? 
1 what is the sales tax in minnesota ? 
1 what common ailment can't you catch at the north pole ? 
1 what infectious disease is the world's deadliest ? 
3 what actor , who had greatest fame on tv , became the father of triplets ? 
0 what is an arab strap ? 
0 what causes asthma ? 
4 in sinclair lewis `` main street ,' what was the name of the typical american town ? 
0 what is the difference between new york style and chicago style pizza ? 
3 who was the first american world chess champion ? 
0 what is leukemia ? 
1 what substance did joseph priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ? 
1 what's been the ruin of many a poor boy in new orleans ? 
4 what is the website for the usa journal ? 
1 what mammal of north america is the world's longest lived for its size ? 
0 what is cunnilingus ? 
0 what is measured in curies ? 
1 what does a pedometer measure ? 
0 what are aborigines ? 
3 name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of gasoline alley 
5 what is the current ticket fare from from cairo to barbados ? 
0 what does the name ` alexandra mean ? 
1 what did benny carter play ? 
2 what is html ? 
5 how much did the minimum wage amount to in ? 
1 what video format was an alternative to vhs ? 
0 what is nepotism ? 
1 what money was used by them ? 
0 what is hypertext ? 
4 what country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ? 
3 what government department did the untouchables work for ? 
4 what is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ? 
1 what was organized as a confederate veterans social club in pulaski , in tennessee , in ? 
5 how many e commerce companies are started every day ? 
0 how do i stop background noise in a car stereo ? 
1 what term does a czech use to describe a pole ? 
4 what is the web address at which i can find the e mail address of a member of the us house of representatives ? 
5 what time does wee willie winkie run through the town ? 
0 what is spaceball played on ? 
4 what asian city boasts the world's biggest bowling alley ? 
5 when did rococo painting and architecture flourish ? 
1 which two products use a tiger as their symbol ? 
4 what are the top five oil producing countries in the world ? 
4 what island is home to statues called mauis ? 
4 where was chop suey invented ? 
1 what spice do chefs pay the most for ? 
3 who is peter weir ? 
4 where is the henry ford museum ? 
1 what sports magazine has the largest circulation ? 
5 what fraction of a beaver's life is spent swimming ? 
1 what three colors are on the french flag ? 
4 in what part of the world is mozambique ? 
5 in what year was the movie the ten commandments released ? 
3 what cruise line does kathie lee gifford advertise for ? 
3 what was the name of the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ? 
5 what chapter of the bible has the most verses ? 
4 where does chocolate come from ? 
0 what was a mae west on a world war ii battleship ? 
1 what's the no killer in industrialized countries ? 
4 what bay sparkles next to miami , florida ? 
1 name a novel written by john steinbeck 
3 who lived in the neuschwanstein castle ? 
0 what exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ? 
4 where is tufts university ? 
4 where can i get piano music for the jamiroquai song everyday for the midi ? 
3 what people make up half the soviet union's population ? 
1 what kinds of animals are in cambodia ? 
4 what russian city used to be called st petersburg and petrograd ? 
0 what causes tuberculosis ? 
3 who was the st u s president ? 
1 what war did florence nightingale tend the troops in ? 
3 who won the battle of gettysburg ? 
5 what is the average life expectancy of a male in ireland in ? 
2 what is the abbreviation of the national bureau of investigation ? 
4 what country boasts cawdor castle , glamis castle , and blair castle ? 
5 when was president kennedy shot ? 
3 what foot actress in became the first performer to win an oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ? 
1 what piece of jewelry is pictured on monopoly's luxury tax space ? 
4 what river is windsor castle on ? 
4 what city is near the mouth of the amazon ? 
0 how did super president gain his powers on the animated series ? 
0 what does venus retrograde mean ? 
5 how many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of millimeter film have ? 
5 how many yards are in mile ? 
3 who is the actress bette davis once said she wished she looked like ? 
1 what is the smallest bird in britain ? 
4 what city is found in the city of oz ? 
4 what california bridge was don brown the first to cross , on may , ? 
2 what is the abbreviation of general motors ? 
3 who wrote the ugly duckling ? 
1 what was originally defined as one millionth of the distance from the equator to the pole ? 
0 what is the definition of the scrabble word ` syzygy ? 
1 what frederick forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an african government by mercenaries ? 
3 who shoplifts ? 
5 when is the sun closest to the earth ? 
1 what's the largest u s agricultural crop by weight ? 
0 what is nuclear proliferation ? 
0 what are semiconductors ? 
5 in , what day of the week did christmas fall on ? 
5 what season begins with the vernal equinox ? 
5 how long do hermit crabs live ? 
4 what is the highest continent ? 
0 what are shooting stars ? 
3 who else was considered for the role of luke skywalker when george lucas was casting for star wars ? 
3 what feminist wrote sexual politics and flying ? 
1 what sport is known for hooligans ? 
0 what is the claim to fame of agra , india ? 
0 what is a glory hole ? 
4 what are the nordic nations ? 
4 what are the world's three largest oceans , in order of size ? 
3 which of the following actors worked in new york's yiddish theater ? 
3 who is the pope ? 
3 what company named one of its pens `` the banana' ? 
3 name a south african diamond producer ? 
5 how long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ? 
0 how do you handle a hungry man ? 
3 what was the name of `` the muppets' creator ? 
3 who was the charlie perfume woman ? 
0 how do i increase my biceps size ? 
5 how many miles is it from ny to austria ? 
0 how did the tradition of best man start ? 
1 what was john f kennedy's campaign song ? 
4 what desert has the highest sand dunes ? 
1 what is the ohio state bird ? 
3 who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of windsor ? 
1 in hemingway's `` old man and the sea ,' what kind of fish does the old man catch ? 
5 what are the highest paying odds on a roulette table ? 
3 who said , `` i shall return ' during world war two ? 
4 which continent has the most roses ? 
4 what city does mccarren airport serve ? 
5 how many feet are there in a fathom ? 
5 when was the first wall street journal published ? 
3 what was the name given the , german airforce troops that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise ? 
0 what does the donation process entail ? 
4 what capital is built around monument circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ? 
3 what are the top ten most common girl names in the us ? 
3 name the two actress daughters of john mills 
0 why are there olives in martinis ? 
2 what does sids stand for ? 
4 what bordering country is due north of costa rica ? 
0 what qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ? 
3 who invented basketball ? 
5 how long did it take stanley to find livingstone ? 
4 what continent is bolivia on ? 
3 who is charles lindbergh ? 
2 what is a `` usb' port on a computer ? 
1 what is a fear of being dirty ? 
0 what is remembrance day all about ? 
5 when was the battle of the somme fought ? 
5 how many people was randy craft convicted of murdering ? 
0 how do fuel injectors work ? 
4 what province is edmonton located in ? 
4 what county is chicago in ? 
5 how many hostages were killed in the entebbe raid ? 
3 what character did tex avery first create upon arriving at mgm ? 
1 what ice creams contain seaweed ? 
1 what is the largest snake in the world ? 
0 what is the chunnel ? 
3 name the person who burst through the screen in the lite beer commercials 
3 who is william wordsworth ? 
4 what country did ponce de leon come from ? 
0 how is the new ford econoline van f v engine ? 
0 what is naproxen ? 
3 what spy novelist served as moscow correspondent for reuter and the times of london ? 
0 how can someone become a federal agent ? 
5 how much money are dumbo's ears insured for ? 
1 what currency do they use in brazil ? 
1 madonna advertises for what soft drink ? 
4 what is answers com's address ? 
3 who played the part of the godfather in the movie , ` the godfather ? 
3 what president also became a supreme court justice ? 
0 what are field effect transistors ? 
4 what german city do italians call the monaco of bavaria ? 
0 what's the olympic motto ? 
5 what month of the year is there no television in iceland ? 
1 what tv station did mary richards work for ? 
3 what bread company used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the ends of their packages ? 
0 how does it make its colors ? 
5 when did john f kennedy get elected as president ? 
1 what do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ? 
1 what fastener did whitcomb judson patent in ? 
4 what state capital comes last alphabetically ? 
1 what does an edentulous smile lack ? 
1 what types of water pollution are there ? 
3 what are the top boy names in the u s ? 
1 what kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ? 
3 what english physician was born on january , and went on to create two important inventions ? 
3 who portrayed the cowardly lion in the wizard of oz ? 
1 what is the most frequently spoken language in the netherlands ? 
0 what is a wop ? 
0 what happened in the long march ? 
2 what do the letters d c stand for in washington , d c ? 
5 what is the length of border between the ukraine and russia ? 
4 where is webster university ? 
1 what kind of meat is fray bentos synonymous with ? 
5 what year did spielberg make `` jaws' ? 
1 what type of performer is ileana cotrubas ? 
0 what is a bone marrow transplant ? 
0 what is goulash ? 
4 what was the only country in the western hemisphere to join the russian led boycott of the summer olympics ? 
1 what do river otters eat ? 
0 what is pilates ? 
5 what number is at o'clock on a dartboard ? 
1 what fuel do airplanes use ? 
3 who was the first american in space ? 
3 what is the name of the president of garmat u s a ? 
4 where was poe born ? 
3 what was mao's second name ? 
0 what is the difference between hair and fur ? 
5 how many different languages are spoken in europe ? 
3 what actor married john f kennedy's sister ? 
5 how many times was pitcher , warren spahn , a game winner in his major league seasons ? 
4 what russian seaport has a name meaning `` lord of the east' ? 
5 when did nixon visit china ? 
0 why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ? 
5 when was richard nixon born ? 
5 how many u s presidents were assassinated during queen victoria's reign ? 
1 what was the first sam spade novel ? 
1 what was the name of the u s 's first manned space program ? 
0 what are the most common causes of death in the u s ? 
0 why in tennis are zero points called love ? 
1 what was mark johnson referring to when he said `` i still can't believe it we beat the russians ?' 
3 what businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ? 
0 what is an ulcer ? 
1 what is a camel hair brush actually made out of ? 
1 what color was the hundred billionth crayon made by crayola ? 
5 how many bottles of wine were prisoners in the bastille allowed per day ? 
4 where is the location of the orange bowl ? 
0 what is smartnet ? 
3 who was darius ? 
4 where is amsterdam ? 
3 who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` do ya lo o ove me ? get naked , baby !' ? 
0 what is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ? 
0 how do i find the balance of my social security account ? 
4 jackson pollock is of what nationality ? 
1 what is the name of the american literary era that includes ? 
0 why do we ask for the `` check' and not the bill at a restaurant ? 
1 what is a fear of cholera ? 
1 what is the organizational structure of the new delhi indira gandhi airport ? 
0 how can i search for a word within my own webpage ? 
1 what kind of creatures are the canary islands named for ? 
4 what state in the united states covers the largest area ? 
2 what does `` b y o b ' mean ? 
4 what nevada center has been dubbed the biggest little city in the world ? 
1 what type of food makes you fat ? 
5 how long was the tv mission of star trek's enterprise to be ? 
4 what caribbean island is sometimes called little england ? 
4 name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` gulliver's travels ' 
1 what is the best selling book of all time ? 
0 why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ? 
4 what country was general douglas mcarthur in when he was recalled by president truman ? 
4 what is the most populated city in the world ? 
0 how do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ? 
4 what city is the setting for puccini's opera la boheme ? 
3 what was the first u s based team in the nhl ? 
4 which country is australia's largest export market ? 
5 what is the protection rate of using condoms ? 
5 what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ? 
4 where on the internet can i find information on laundry detergent ? 
0 shea and gould closed their los angeles office for what reason ? 
5 what was thatcher's approval rating after years in power ? 
4 what is the street address of the white house ? 
0 what does the word fortnight mean ? 
1 what is a female rabbit called ? 
3 who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ? 
5 how long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ? 
3 who was the accused in the trial of the century , which opened janurary , ? 
0 what is a hyperlink ? 
4 what state was named the green mountain state ? 
0 what did richard feynman say upon hearing he would receive the nobel prize in physics ? 
3 what is the present pope named ? 
0 what is hybridization ? 
1 what is pastrami made of ? 
4 on which hawaiian island is pearl harbor ? 
0 what does lloyd's lutine bell announce ? 
0 what does ciao mean ? 
5 how many teats does a female goat sport ? 
5 how many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ? 
1 what is nebraska's most valuable resource ? 
0 what is the difference between a bachelor and a bedroom apartment ? 
3 which bourbon king was restored to the french throne during napoleon's abdication ? 
1 what were christopher columbus three ships ? 
4 what two countries in south america are landlocked ? 
0 what baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ? 
3 who was jane goodall ? 
3 what title did suzette charles assume for two months in ? 
4 where do the grimace and mayor mccheese live ? 
5 how many astronauts have been on the moon ? 
1 what do you call a book of quotes ? 
5 what is the melting point of gold ? 
1 what are the titles of some r rated sony playstation games ? 
3 which organization is the security council a part of ? 
5 for how long is an elephant pregnant ? 
5 when is father's day ? 
0 how do i keep cats out of my flower garden for good ? 
5 how much could you rent a volkswagen bug for in ? 
1 what gasses are in the troposphere ? 
1 what's another name for aspartame ? 
3 who is prince naseem hamed ? 
2 what does vcr stand for ? 
5 what season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ? 
3 what was the name of the titanic's captain ? 
3 who was camp david named for ? 
3 what fruit topped actress was known as the brazilian bombshell ? 
0 what caused the division between the anglicans and the vatican ? 
1 what must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ? 
3 name the three races unleashed by the celestials in marvel comics 
1 what is the best way to remove wallpaper ? 
0 what is an auto commentary ? 
1 what does an irate car owner call iron oxide ? 
3 who wrote ` dubliners ? 
3 saddam hussein was compared to whom by president bush ? 
4 where is dartmouth college ? 
3 who discovered oxygen ? 
1 what candice bergen jacqueline bisset movie was a remake of 's old acquaintance ? 
3 who was the lead actress in the movie ` sleepless in seattle ? 
3 who has more dna a man or a woman ? 
0 what's the difference and advantages of selecting a super vhs vcr over plain vhs model ? 
4 where did honecker rule ? 
0 what is the difference between a generator and an alternator ? 
4 what constellation is known as the water bearer ? 
1 what is the name given to a group of geese ? 
3 which of the following men was not married to rita hayworth ? 
4 what eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the u s ? 
5 what year was the first automobile manufactured ? 
5 what is the speed of the mississippi river ? 
5 how many spears are there on kenya's flag ? 
3 which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ? 
0 what is the origin of the word , magic ? 
0 what is office automation ? 
0 what are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in spartanburg , south carolina ? 
1 what four tournaments make up tennis grand slam ? 
5 what brand number graces the black label of a bottle of jack daniel's ? 
5 how long was the longest sneezing attack ? 
0 what is narcolepsy ? 
3 who was israel's first prime minister ? 
1 what layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ? 
5 how many feet long is a baseball pitcher's rubber ? 
0 why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ? 
1 what birthstone is turquoise ? 
5 what is the average weight for a man ? 
0 what is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ? 
3 what u s government agency registers trademarks ? 
1 what magazine paid , for an eight millimeter film of john f kennedy's assassination ? 
4 what's the closest g spectrum yellow dwarf to earth ? 
3 who delivered his last newscast on march , ? 
3 who was the first woman to fly solo across the atlantic ? 
1 what color are school buses ? 
5 how many verses are in the bible ? 
0 what is the origin of the term `` blue moon ,' and how often do they occur ? 
0 how can i find a list of celebrities real names ? 
0 what does the word `` opera' mean ? 
0 what is home banking ? 
1 what significant battle was fought in belgium in ? 
3 who is desmond tutu ? 
4 what are the five richest countries in the world ? 
4 where is the volcano olympus mons located ? 
5 how far is yaroslavl from moscow ? 
4 where can you find the venus flytrap ? 
0 why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ? 
0 what is the origin of `` beauty is in the eye of the beholder' ? 
0 what was the claim to fame of explorer i , launched february , ? 
5 when is the site www questions com going to open ? 
4 where can i find a large list of to letter words ? 
4 what is the fastest growing state in the u s a in ? 
1 what indoor sport saw the phoenix inferno become the phoenix pride on july , , when the temperature hit degrees ? 
4 where is ayer's rock ? 
1 what does a tarantula eat ? 
3 who directed the wild bunch ? 
1 what snack food has ridges ? 
0 what is done with worn or outdated flags ? 
1 what was the sequel to the pink panther ? 
3 who wrote the poem that starts `` i love your lips when they're wet with wine and red with a warm desire' ? 
3 who does data collection in tourism ? 
1 what age followed the bronze age ? 
0 how do you reference a website ? 
4 what are the largest breweries in the world ? 
2 in a computer , what does scsi mean ? 
0 what is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian' ? 
1 what playing card symbolizes death ? 
5 how many people live in chile ? 
1 what do italians call florence ? 
0 what is pectin ? 
0 where did the term `` ' come from ? 
3 who portrayed carl bernstein in all the president's men ? 
5 when was hurricane hugo ? 
4 where is the volcano mauna loa ? 
3 who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by robin williams in `` dead poets society' ? 
0 what is a tsunami ? 
1 what non mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ? 
1 name a food high in zinc 
3 name the organization that is presided by a security council 
4 what continent's second highest peak is mont blanc ? 
0 what is object oriented design ? 
3 what hockey player did ronald reagan joke he would swap texas for ? 
3 who was the first female united states representative ? 
4 which latin american country is the largest ? 
5 how many corners does a spritsail have ? 
3 who wrote the bible ? 
2 what does the abbreviation cwt ? 
5 how many islands does fiji have ? 
4 where can i get information on the original us colonies ? 
0 how do you get a girl to have sex with you ? 
5 where does the u s rank among world countries in area ? 
0 why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ? 
3 what president served for five years , six months and days ? 
5 what are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ? 
0 what are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ? 
0 what are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ? 
5 how many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ? 
5 how many stars are there in big dipper ? 
3 what was marilyn monroe's real name ? 
1 what is another astronomic term for the northern lights ? 
4 what are canada's two territories ? 
4 what is the capital of burkina faso ? 
1 what is a fear of thunder ? 
3 who manufactures the software , `` photoshop' ? 
0 what is the lost colony ? 
3 what comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ? 
3 who did richard nixon tender his resignation to ? 
1 what was the species of winnie the pooh ? 
0 what are the requirements for becoming a citizen of australia ? 
3 who did napolean defeat at jena and auerstadt ? 
0 what are the urals ? 
0 what are the `` star wars' satellites ? 
0 what is capitalism according to max weber ? 
0 how do i write to my congressman ? 
1 what product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ? 
0 what does the term `` spaghetti western' mean ? 
0 what is he doing now ? 
5 what time of year do most people fly ? 
5 when were fish first believed to be found on earth ? 
1 what does el nino mean in spanish ? 
5 in south korea , how many american soldiers are there ? 
4 where can i read about chiang kai shek ? 
5 how many sides does an obelisk have ? 
3 what celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ? 
1 what is the recipe or formula for coca cola ? 
0 what makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ? 
0 what makes salt ? 
0 how did asia get its name ? 
4 what famed wall supports the badaling turret ? 
5 how many american soldiers are stationed in south korea ? 
1 what football bowl game's first queen was hallie woods ? 
4 what city was president william mckinley shot in ? 
3 name the ranger who was always after yogi bear 
1 what is the most common eye color ? 
0 why are so many umbrellas black ? 
3 what actor's autobiography is titled all my yesterdays ? 
1 what is the softest part of the body ? 
3 who is mia farrow's mother ? 
4 what country claimed rubens , van dyck and bruegel as citizens ? 
0 how is an executioner determined ? 
0 why was muhammad ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in ? 
4 what river flows past the temple of karnak ? 
5 how many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ? 
0 how does the car in `` christine' become possessed ? 
5 how long does a dog sleep ? 
1 what is widely used to detect birth defects ? 
0 what is the `` global economy' ? 
0 what do you need to do to marry someone in jail ? 
0 what does the name melissa mean ? 
4 what australian city became the home of the america's cup ? 
5 when was the first liver transplant ? 
4 what city has the world's longest subway system ? 
1 what baseball outcome required nine balls in , eight balls in and seven balls in ? 
1 for what disease is the drug sinemet used as a treatment ? 
3 who declared `` i think i'll go out and milk the elk' ? 
5 how many square feet is bill gates home ? 
5 what is the price for tuberculosis drugs ? 
1 what was the name of hitler's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the bavarian government in munich in ? 
5 in what year was gandhi assassinated ? 
5 how many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ? 
0 what are chloroplasts ? 
3 who starred in the movie the war of the worlds ? 
3 who came up with the name , el nino ? 
3 what card company sells christmas ornaments ? 
0 what is vertigo ? 
0 what is time ? 
1 what four forms does gold occur in ? 
1 what chocolate bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ? 
0 how do you make a paintball ? 
1 names of books by james a michener set in the following locations ? 
5 how many different types of skunks are there ? 
1 what's the most extensively grown and eaten food ? 
5 what does equal ? 
3 what comedian hit the tv screen in with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie ? 
3 who seized power from milton obote in ? 
1 which side should a bowler facing a split hit the pin on the left or the right ? 
3 what suburban housewife and mother of three wrote the feminine mystique ? 
3 what non conformist abstract painter was dubbed jack the dripper by time ? 
3 name the on stage character whose face was never seen 
1 what's the most delicate tasting member of the onion family ? 
3 what was the man's name who was killed in a duel with aaron burr ? 
0 how can i trace my family roots ? 
1 what is a common anti aids drug ? 
1 what is the most popular sports car color ? 
3 which major diamond producer is based in south africa ? 
1 what money was used here ? 
4 where was lincoln assassinated ? 
0 what is the origin of `` jiggy' as in getting jiggy with it ? 
1 what are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in new england ? 
0 what was the rallying cry of the early american revolutionaries ? 
2 what is the abbreviated form of the national bureau of investigation ? 
1 what leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ? 
4 what u s state records the least rainfall ? 
0 why are there people on a jury in criminal cases ? 
1 what golfing accessory was patented by george grant on december 
4 where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ? 
3 who wrote the secret life of walter mitty ? 
0 why is thanksgiving on a thursday ? 
5 how many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in edgar degas's painting the tub ? 
1 what kind of rocket launched the surveyor spacecraft ? 
0 why did david koresh ask the fbi for a word processor ? 
0 what are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ? 
0 what is viscosity ? 
3 who domesticated the wild turkey ? 
3 who is the tallest man in the world ? 
4 what city did the mormons establish as their headquarters in ? 
3 what is larry king's job ? 
0 what is the milky way ? 
0 what is platinum ? 
1 what kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the nfl ? 
1 what is california's state bird ? 
5 how wide is the milky way galaxy ? 
4 what is the seafaring name for the southern tip of south america ? 
1 what is a fear of night or darkness ? 
1 what beer is ` rockin america ?' 
5 how many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ? 
5 how many people live in tokyo ? 
4 where was richard nixon when gerald ford became president ? 
0 how do you clean badly tarnished brass ? 
4 what u s state is dixville notch in ? 
5 how many lakes are there on the earth ? 
4 what sprawling u s state boasts the most airports ? 
3 who fired maria ybarra from her position in san diego council ? 
4 what state has the most indians ? 
5 what amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ? 
0 what is a hormone ? 
0 what is infomatics ? 
3 who invented volleyball ? 
1 what was the first ready to eat breakfast cereal ? 
3 what presidential administration challenged americans to explore the new frontier ? 
1 what is the electrical output in madrid , spain ? 
5 how long does a fly live ? 
4 where can i find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ? 
5 what day is known as the `` national day of prayer' ? 
1 what format was the major competition of vhs ? 
4 what arch can you see from the place de la concorde ? 
0 what are some chemical properties of mendelevium ? 
1 what color is yak milk ? 
5 how many pounds are there in a stone ? 
3 who was the first person inducted into the u s swimming hall of fame ? 
0 what caused an adjournment of the th anniversary session of the united nations general assembly ? 
4 what state full of milk and honey was the destination in the grapes of wrath ? 
3 what famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year as `` baby' ? 
3 who liberated th century sicily and naples ? 
5 what is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ? 
3 which member of the micronauts spent years traveling the microverse in the marvel comics ? 
4 what u s state has the most blondes ? 
3 what was fred astaire's dancing partner's name ? 
4 what u s state's biggest lake is lake sam rayburn ? 
3 who coined the term nn cyberspace `` in his novel nn neuromancer' ? 
0 what are maid rites ? 
0 what's the motto of the boy scouts ? 
0 what do christian scientists believe in ? 
3 who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ? 
1 what does a chairbound basophobic fear ? 
3 what are the major companies that are part of dow jones ? 
4 where can i get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ? 
4 what country has the most coastline ? 
1 what scale measures earthquakes ? 
3 name the poet of the poem which begins i do not know much about gods but i think that the river is a strong brown god sullen , and untamed ? 
1 what was the sister ship of the olympic ? 
3 what is the name of miss india ? 
4 what south american city has the world's highest commercial landing field ? 
4 where was helium first discovered , hence its name ? 
4 what are britain's two longest rivers ? 
1 what are the four elements ? 
1 what does knight ridder publish ? 
3 woodrow wilson served as president of what university ? 
5 how much money does a back injury lawsuit get ? 
4 what state is niagara falls located in ? 
2 what is lmds ? 
4 what are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental united states ? 
4 where is the orinoco ? 
4 where can i find detailed information about manchukuo ? 
0 why did egyptians shave their eyebrows ? 
0 what does `` intractable plantar keratoma' mean ? 
3 who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ? 
0 how did the months of the year get there name ? 
1 what's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ? 
4 where is sinn fein's headquarters ? 
1 what breed of hunting dog did the beverly hillbillies own ? 
0 what effects do nitrates have on the environment ? 
3 who wrote `` much ado about nothing' ? 
3 who wrote the red badge of courage ? 
5 how many points is a bullseye worth in darts ? 
4 what are some good fractal web sites ? 
3 what famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ? 
4 what peninsula is spain part of ? 
4 where was the cisalpine republic , , ? 
3 what schools in the washington , dc nn nn vbp nn nn nn nn 
5 how old is jeremy piven ? 
3 what position did willie davis play in baseball ? 
4 what two caribbean countries share the island of hispaniola ? 
5 how many liters in a gallon ? 
5 what is the distance in miles from the earth to the sun ? 
3 what company's trademark was his master's voice ? 
3 who was samuel johnsons's friend and biographer ? 
5 when was the berlin wall erected ? 
3 what title did shevardnadze have during the soviet era ? 
1 what homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the trojan wars ? 
4 where can i find information about touring the philippines ? 
0 why do men snore ? 
5 what is the length of the coastline of the state of alaska ? 
1 what species was winnie the pooh ? 
1 what cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ? 
2 what is the abbreviation for micro ? 
1 what is australia's national flower ? 
1 what broadway musical featured the song , `` if i were a rich man ?' 
0 how can i register my website in yahoo for free ? 
5 when did charles lindbergh die ? 
0 how can i get some free technical information on electric vehicle ? 
4 what country are godiva chocolates from ? 
0 what characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence' ? 
1 what is latin for incompetent ? 
0 what is autism ? 
4 where did the real st nicholas live ? 
4 what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ? 
1 what vowel do all esperanto nouns end in ? 
0 what causes rust ? 
4 what city contains the district of hell's kitchen ? 
1 what are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ? 
0 what is the virus hiv ? 
0 why did the globe theatre burn down ? 
4 what japanese city was once called edo ? 
0 what are the limits to `` self defense ?' 
1 what letter does gorbachev's middle name start with ? 
5 how old was gene siskel ? 
3 who are the top richest people in the world ? 
1 what basketball maneuver did bert loomis invent ? 
3 what name did football's new york titans adopt in ? 
5 how many feet in a mile ? 
1 aspartame is known by what other name ? 
5 how old is the sun ? 
0 how do you measure the heat of the sun ? 
0 what is candlemas day ? 
3 who did jackie kennedy commission to write the death of a president ? 
3 what was the name of the daughter of the virginia chief powhatan that married john rolfe ? 
5 how hot should the oven be when baking peachy oat muffins ? 
5 how many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ? 
5 how many points is a disk in the center hole worth in crokinole ? 
0 what is an example of an actual case of using the fourteenth amendment ? 
3 who turned all he touched to gold ? 
0 what does elysium mean ? 
3 what is michael jackson's father's name ? 
5 what is the current unemployment rate in the u s ? 
5 what is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the manhatten project ? 
1 what are all the different kinds of contraceptives ? 
3 who leads the star ship enterprise in star trek ? 
0 what is the origin of the word `` mind' ? 
3 which of the following celebrities started his show biz career as a disc jockey ? 
1 what does a chef coddle eggs in ? 
4 what is the us federal government website for standard industrial classification codes , sic , ? 
4 where can i read about abraham lincoln ? 
3 when mighty mouse was conceived , what was his original name ? 
5 how long did rip van winkle sleep ? 
4 where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ? 
5 how much did varian associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the boc group for ? 
1 what are the chemicals used in glowsticks ? 
0 what is ozone depletion ? 
3 which japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ? 
3 what football coach's story was told in the movie run to daylight ? 
0 what is muscular dystrophy ? 
4 in poland , where do most people live ? 
1 what `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands' 
5 how many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ? 
5 how many american soldiers remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ? 
4 what country is located at degrees north latitude and degrees east longitude ? 
4 what is the best online games site ? 
4 what is the address of the famous mexican star `` thalia' ? 
3 what u s senator once played basketball for the new york knicks ? 
0 how do you identify prime numbers ? 
1 what foods contain vitamin b ? 
1 what are the names of the different toes ? 
3 who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs' ? 
4 what state is the filenes store located in ? 
4 what is the highest peak in africa ? 
1 what book is the follow up to future shock ? 
0 why do magnets attract ? 
5 how much coca cola is drunk in one day in the world ? 
5 how many shillings more than were there in a guinea ? 
2 what does nafta stand for ? 
3 who is count cinzano ? 
5 what is the mean income of the top , top , and top ? 
3 who is nicolo paganini ? 
1 what was the first lifesaver flavor ? 
5 how long did the paris commune hold out for against the rest of france ? 
3 who is stationed at camp swampy in the comic strips ? 
5 how many different countries export coffee ? 
5 what is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ? 
0 what does robert mean ? 
3 who was the first governor of west virginia ? 
0 what is epilepsy ? 
1 what is a fear of everything ? 
4 where is burma ? 
1 what is a fear of fur ? 
1 what kind of animals are dorsets , lincolns , oxfords and southdowns ? 
4 what city's newspaper is called `` the enquirer' ? 
0 what are christopher marlowe's and shakespeare's literary contributions to english literature ? 
4 what two countries are linked by the brenner pass ? 
5 how many cds has garth brooks sold ? 
5 how many villi are found in the small intestine ? 
4 what state on the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ? 
1 what's the sequel to alice's adventures in wonderland ? 
0 what is neurology ? 
0 what is prepared mustard ? 
3 who makes the `` cross your heart bra' ? 
3 who claimed to be the world's most perfectly developed man ? 
5 on average , how many miles are there to the moon ? 
5 what phone number can i call to have a tree planted ? 
0 how did serfdom develop in and then leave russia ? 
1 what software offers inventors use of cad like design ? 
1 what did jimmy stewart invent ? 
1 what color of monopoly properties are landed on most often ? 
3 who wrote the night of the iguana ? 
0 what is the effect of volcanoes on the climate ? 
0 what is the origin of the christmas tree ? 
3 who made the first gas engine ? 
1 what is the fear of frogs ? 
4 where can i get information concerning child custody files for the state of utah ? 
1 what's the largest letter in salvador dali's signature ? 
0 why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn't it be a sphere ? 
1 what international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in ? 
4 where does mother angelica live ? 
4 what asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ? 
0 what does las vegas mean ? 
0 what does a defibrillator do ? 
5 how many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ? 
3 what president was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital's rotunda ? 
3 who was jean nicolet ? 
2 what does ph stand for ? 
5 how many south american countries have the letter z in their names ? 
0 how do you tell somebody you like them ? 
0 what is the origin of the word `` amen' ? 
1 what is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ? 
5 when was ulysses s grant born ? 
4 where is the actress , marion davies , buried ? 
3 what high school does archie attend ? 
4 what county is modesto , california in ? 
3 who was whitcomb judson ? 
0 what is a micron ? 
0 what motto ended merrie melodies cartoons ? 
1 what then derogatory term was applied to the painters monet , sisley , pissarro , renoir and degas ? 
1 what does god create in the first sentence of the bible ? 
0 what is the origin of the word `` attic' ? 
5 how many lawyers are there in the state of new jersey ? 
0 how can you tell when figs are ripe ? 
0 what do japanese school uniforms look like ? 
0 what is propylene glycol ? 
4 what is the largest shopping mall in the world ? 
1 what film introduced the song my kind of town ? 
1 what english word contains the most letters ? 
3 what appointments secretary to richard nixon went to jail ? 
3 who invented the stethoscope ? 
5 how many pounds in a ton ? 
4 what ocean is the largest in the world ? 
5 how long does it take the typical american to eat quarts of ice cream ? 
3 who is the president of the spanish government ? 
0 what is the golden rule ? 
3 who is currently the most popular singer in the world ? 
4 what country comes last in an alphabetical list ? 
4 what california desert is dubbed high desert ? 
1 what do peacocks mate with ? 
5 how many small businesses are there in the united states ? 
0 how do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ? 
3 who is the congressman from state of texas on the armed forces committee ? 
0 what is the nature of learning ? 
4 what was the highest mountain on earth before mount everest was discovered ? 
1 what product did william horlick discover and produce ? 
0 what is the milky way ? 
5 how many children under are victims of some sort of physical abuse each year ? 
1 what type of polymer is used for bulletproof vests ? 
0 what is the definition of hazmat ? 
0 what is neuropathy ? 
4 what african country was founded by freed american slaves in ? 
4 what mountains lie between the arkansas and missouri rivers ? 
4 what country lies directly south of detroit ? 
5 what are bottle caps with presidents pictures inside worth ? 
0 what is the poetic meter of blank verse ? 
5 what is the average speed of the horses at the kentucky derby ? 
5 what is the temperature for cooking ? 
3 what two presidents of the u s published books of poetry ? 
0 what's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ? 
1 what creature scares people in the film `` jaws' ? 
5 how many bones are there in the human hand ? 
4 where's montenegro ? 
3 who is the greek god of the sea ? 
0 what is a green bog ? 
1 what was the name of the television show , starring karl madsen , that had san francisco in the title ? 
3 name the food company that traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ads 
4 what is the brightest star ? 
5 when did the neanderthal man live ? 
3 what is the real name of disc jockey `` wolfman jack' ? 
5 when was calypso music invented ? 
3 what apollo astronaut minded the store while armstrong and aldrin made history ? 
5 what month , date , and year did charles i die ? 
3 who is the leading competitor of trans union company ? 
1 what is the name of jamiroquai new album ? 
5 what are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ? 
4 what is the largest city in the world ? 
5 how much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ? 
1 what don mclean song laments the day buddy holly died ? 
1 what sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ? 
4 where can one find mozambique ? 
5 what percentage of americans own their homes ? 
3 what woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc , ? 
4 what is the second highest mountain peak in the world ? 
0 what is a guild ? 
5 what is the chemical reactivity of helium ? 
3 what famous model was married to billy joel ? 
0 what is the meaning of the name kathryn ? 
1 what is a fear of glass ? 
1 what are close encounters of the first and second kind ? 
1 what is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ? 
0 what is the origin of thank you notes ? 
3 what famous film and tv cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ? 
3 who invented the toothbrush ? 
0 why do people get calluses ? 
3 who starred in singing in the rain and the singing nun ? 
3 who won two gold medals in skiing in the olympic games in calgary ? 
1 name one of the seven wonders of the ancient world 
5 how many tiles did the space shuttle columbia lose on its second flight ? 
0 how did lee harvey oswald purchase his rifle ? 
3 who's the only u s president to have won a pulitzer prize ? 
0 how can i find out how much income tax is paid on social security income on the income tax ? 
1 what is a language spoken by the sioux ? 
3 who released the internet worm in the late s ? 
5 what year was mozart born ? 
0 what are amphibians ? 
0 what was the proper laugh in respones to `` say goodnight , dick' ? 
1 the jewish alphabet is called what ? 
1 what color is the cross on switzerland's flag ? 
5 how many israeli athletes were killed at the munich olympics ? 
3 who's the twin brother of the greek goddess artemis ? 
5 how many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ? 
0 what is java ? 
3 president bush compared saddam hussein to whom ? 
3 in what high risk business venture did jimmy the greek bet and lose ? 
0 what's the claim to fame of night watchman frank wills ? 
3 who is the voyager project manager ? 
3 which of the following people is not associated with andy warhol ? 
3 who was thucydides ? 
3 who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo's egg tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage' ? 
0 what is the spectrum of a sine wave ? 
5 how many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ? 
1 what is the islamic counterpart to the red cross ? 
3 who is the current prime minister and president of russia ? 
1 what is the most widely cultivated plant ? 
1 what is the major fault line near kentucky ? 
4 which country is known as `` big bear' ? 
1 what is the active ingredient in baking soda ? 
5 how many trees go into paper making in a year ? 
1 what colors need to be mixed to get the color pink ? 
1 what film featured shirley maclaine as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a pimp ? 
4 what london museum features a chamber of horrors ? 
3 what is drew barrymore's middle name ? 
0 how was teddy roosevelt related to fdr ? 
4 what scandinavian country covers , square miles ? 
1 what's the shape of a camel's spine ? 
1 what did edward binney and howard smith invent in ? 
1 what's the u s navy hymn ? 
1 what is the former name of zimbabwe ? 
3 who is the monarch of the united kingdom ? 
1 what did brontosauruses eat ? 
5 what is the all time stock high of apple computer , and where can i find this information ? 
0 what is the meaning of `` cpr' ? 
3 what explorers followed columbus to the americas ? 
3 name one of the major gods of hinduism 
5 when was the de beers company founded ? 
5 how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ? 
1 to get the most caffeine , what soda should i drink ? 
1 what animal has the biggest eyes ? 
3 who led the normans to victory in the battle of hastings ? 
5 how long do you have to live in a community to vote ? 
4 where is mccarren airport ? 
3 name a ballet company mikhail baryshnikov has danced for ? 
3 who are the challengers of the unknown ? 
3 who developed the first polio vaccine ? 
0 what is pasta ? 
1 what started in when gold was discovered at sutter's mill ? 
3 what rock group raised a ruckus at the white house by singing american woman ? 
5 when was the ussr dissolved ? 
4 where can i find a `` fifth element' screensaver ? 
4 what mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ? 
3 who was charles lindbergh's wife ? 
0 what is the historical relationship of catholic church and bingo ? 
5 what date did man first land on the moon ? 
5 what is the population of kansas ? 
4 in what city is the us declaration of independence located ? 
4 what country was hitler the chancellor of ? 
0 what is a neurosurgeon ? 
3 what architect originated the glass house designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more ,' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house ? 
4 what body of water are the canary islands in ? 
0 what facial feature typically contains about hairs ? 
0 what is poliomyelitis ? 
4 what u s state includes the san juan islands ? 
1 in what film did steven spielberg's dog star as the main character's dog ? 
1 what do manatees eat ? 
1 what part of their attire were `` pothooks' to cowboys of the old west ? 
0 what have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ? 
0 in waugh's `` a handful of dust ,' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ? 
5 what year did apartheid start ? 
5 when is president nixon's birthday ? 
3 what was mao , the chinese leader's , full name ? 
5 what are the odds of giving birth to twins ? 
0 what does `` extended definition' mean and how would one write a paper on it ? 
1 what is jell o made from ? 
1 what is a fear of worms ? 
3 who won the first world series ? 
2 what is the abbreviated term used for the national bureau of investigation ? 
5 how much money was the minimum wage in ? 
3 what businesses in alaska were affected by the exxon valdez oil spill ? 
0 how did the jack o lantern get it's name ? 
0 why can't you taste anything when you have a cold ? 
0 how did names come about ? 
0 what is the difference between microprocessors microcontrollers ? 
1 what was the name of the famous battle between texas and mexico ? 
1 what film opens with an assassin tumbling from the seattle space needle ? 
3 who is john macarthur , ? 
4 what country contains the highest point in south america ? 
1 what kind of creature is a coot ? 
0 for what reason did some san diego schools stop serving apples ? 
0 what was the verdict in the trial of john t scopes ? 
3 who invented the stock ticker in ? 
1 what is a fear of shadows ? 
1 what brand of jeans did calvin klein admit in a interview he felt more comfortable wearing ? 
2 what do the letters ce stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ? 
0 what are the valdez principles ? 
0 what should you do for an ankle sprain ? 
5 what was the date of cnn's first broadcast ? 
2 what does msg stand for ? 
1 what judith rossner novel was made into a film starring diane keaton ? 
5 how many years make up a lustrum ? 
5 when does the average teenager first have intercourse ? 
3 who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in ? 
1 what is a fear of drinking ? 
1 which ear can most people hear better with ? 
5 what is dick clark's date of birth ? 
0 why is jane goodall famous ? 
3 what ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ? 
4 in what country is lund ? 
5 what year did the u s buy alaska ? 
4 where can i buy movies on videotape online ? 
5 how fast do cheetahs run ? 
0 why was the l a office of shea and gould closed ? 
1 what relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat bear ? 
1 what dropped , feet in ? 
0 why was the zipper invented ? 
1 what dog was dubbed the mortgage lifter ? 
1 what does a polyorchid man have at least three of ? 
3 name the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk 
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ? 
3 who is the one independent member of congress ? 
0 what made the finger lakes in western new york state ? 
3 what was the backup singing group for roy rogers ? 
1 what's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ? 
4 where is the group m people from ? 
1 what russian novel embracing more the characters is set in the napoleonic wars ? 
3 whom did lauren bacall marry after her husband humphrey bogart died ? 
4 where is procter gamble based in the u s ? 
3 who wrote the book , `` song of solomon' ? 
3 what attorney general ordered the closing of alcatraz ? 
4 what country has been called the queen of the antilles ? 
1 what is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ? 
1 what does saliva consist of ? 
4 what famed river flows through bagdad ? 
3 what democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while richard nixon spoke from the caboose ? 
3 what was the player's name who played nose tackle for the eagles in super bowl xv ? 
0 why shouldn't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ? 
3 what is the first personal computer company ? 
3 who is stephen hawking ? 
5 how many stradivarius violins were ever made ? 
1 what's the hungarian word for pepper ? 
3 who was lacan ? 
4 what is the address for the main government office in rome , italy ? 
3 what actor and actress have made the most movies ? 
5 how long does cocaine stay in your system ? 
1 which sex is denied voting rights in kuwait ? 
3 what was the name of the confederate mounted guerrilla group with which jesse james and coleman younger had ridden ? 
3 who sings angel eyes from the 's ? 
1 what is the term for a group of geese ? 
3 what fool is not so wise to lose an oath to win a paradise ? 
3 what famous singing cowboy owns the california angels baseball team ? 
1 what is the greatest source of `` white' magic in the marvel universe ? 
0 what is the purpose of bios ? 
4 what country's capital was formed when pesth and buda merged ? 
0 what personality traits are capricorns said to have ? 
4 where is the kalahari desert ? 
5 mexican pesos are worth what in u s dollars ? 
0 what is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ? 
3 whose cupboard was bare ? 
0 what is the difference between jazz and blues ? 
1 what net game sees its women's world amateur champions receive the uber cup ? 
1 what is a fear of cold ? 
5 what is the number of american soldiers deployed to south korea ? 
4 what two countries share the khyber pass ? 
1 what are the cleveland indians also called ? 
1 what does the policeman become in the canadian edition of monopoly ? 
0 what is a gandy dancer ? 
0 how does a chick breathe inside an egg ? 
1 what brand of white rum is still made in cuba ? 
3 what company tabulates the ballots in voting for the academy awards ? 
5 when did mount st helen last have a significant eruption ? 
1 what is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ? 
4 what sea separates naples and algiers ? 
0 what is a hydrogen bond ? 
1 name the islamic counterpart to the red cross 
5 what is the average time to kiss somene ? 
5 how many millimeters are in a mile ? 
5 how many inches over six feet is the venus de milo ? 
4 where can i find a list of `` classic' books th and th graders should read ? 
0 what is the orgin of xoxoxox ? 
0 what was the outcome of the yalta conference ? 
1 what do you call a word that is spelled the same backwards and forwards ? 
1 which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ? 
1 how do you say `` fresh' in spanish ? 
0 how can you get rust stains out of clothing ? 
4 what new hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in u s presidential elections ? 
1 what does a dipsomaniac crave ? 
1 which cats pursued tweety pie in his first cartoon appearance ? 
3 who was the first king of england ? 
1 what keeps clouds in the air ? 
3 who was the first woman to run the mile in less than minutes ? 
1 what war did the potsdam conference follow ? 
0 what is schizophrenia ? 
2 what is the full form of com ? 
1 what did martin luther post on the church door at wittenberg ? 
1 what james michener book is subtitled spanish travels and reflections ? 
4 where did the world come from ? 
0 what does the georgetown `` hoya' mean ? 
0 how did the great depression affect japan's history ? 
1 what's the most commonly spoken language in belgium ? 
0 what was the v juice slogan `` the tastebud' ? 
4 on what continent is mozambique ? 
3 who used to make cars with rotary engines ? 
1 what color eyes are most sensitive to light ? 
3 who was the columbia pictures head who forged actor cliff robertson's name on a , check ? 
5 what month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ? 
5 what is the width of a football field ? 
3 what was the name of darth vader's son ? 
0 why are organ transplants more successful today ? 
5 what percentage of the body is muscle ? 
0 what is bipolar disorder ? 
3 what president had never held an elected office until he was elected to the white house ? 
2 what is the abbreviation for original equipment manufacturer ? 
5 how many hearts does an octopus have ? 
1 stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ? 
1 what espionage movie reunited director john huston with maltese falconers humphrey bogart , mary astor , and sidney greenstreet ? 
0 what is fungus ? 
0 what is the difference between terry cloth and french terry ? 
3 what was the name of randy steven craft's lawyer ? 
0 what is false consciousness ? 
3 who made a boat out of gopher wood ? 
0 what is the origin of the word `` sideburns' ? 
4 what city is sometimes called gotham ? 
1 what movie tour of the roman empire features the admonition `` row well and live' ? 
1 what animal causes the biggest threat to humans ? 
5 what is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ? 
3 who founded the modern theory of probability ? 
0 what does inuit and eskimo mean ? 
1 what is the alphabet for latin ? 
3 who wrote the godfather ? 
5 how many languages does the pope speak ? 
3 who was scrooge's dead partner in dickens's a christmas carol ? 
3 what company has built more than billion little green houses since ? 
3 what is a society ruled by elders ? 
3 which vietnamese terrorist is now a un delegate in doonesbury ? 
0 how do windmills work ? 
3 what english explorer discovered and named virginia ? 
4 what russian seaport has a name meaning `` lord of the east' ? 
5 when did the original howdy doody show go off the air ? 
4 what is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ? 
0 what is the difference between neoclassical art and romanticism art ? 
1 what are the top vegetable crops in the world ? 
5 what is the pig population of the world ? 
1 what happened on january , ? 
0 what does the name `` sabrina' mean ? 
0 what is the origin of the word , jj 
0 how do you do a topic outline ? 
1 in which kevin costner movie did sioux indians play a role ? 
3 who has the only speaking role in `` silent movie' ? 
3 what kind of people took part in shays rebellion in massachusetts in ? 
1 what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ? 
5 how far out is the universe ? 
5 how many boys play the game in winslow homer's painting snap the whip ? 
4 what country's national passenger rail system is called via ? 
3 who was credited with saying `` i never met a man i didn't like' ? 
3 what organization is the security council a part of ? 
5 how many people does honda employ in the u s ? 
2 what does cnn stand for ? 
0 what are equity securities ? 
0 what is sodium chloride ? 
0 what is osteichthyes ? 
5 how many shots can a stock m hold ? 
4 where did the wright brothers make their first flight ? 
5 how much does a poodle weigh ? 
4 where's the gum department store ? 
3 who is henry butler ? 
1 what fruit does the ficus produce ? 
1 what are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ? 
0 what are fortune companies ? 
5 what is the speed of the mississippi river ? 
3 who portrayed sherlock holmes in films between and ? 
1 what color , s , appear on boxes of kodak film ? 
3 name famous martyrs 
3 what female painter produced primitives of rural new england life ? 
4 where have the most dinosaur remains been found ? 
3 who wrote the hymn `` amazing grace' ? 
4 where are all european and american eels born ? 
0 what are boxcars ? 
3 what part did benjamin franklin play in the development of the newspaper in america ? 
1 what after dinner treat was invented in at the george jung noodle factory in los angeles ? 
0 what is an isthmus ? 
3 who discovered imaginary numbers ? 
3 who was tiny tim's father ? 
3 who won a pulitzer prize for his novel the caine mutiny ? 
5 what is the population of mozambique ? 
4 where can i find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to american standard ? 
5 what year was the avery dennison company founded ? 
5 what is the weight of air ? 
0 what do caroll baker , tammy grimes , debbie reynolds , and judy garland all have in common ? 
3 who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ? 
5 how tall is the replica of the matterhorn at disneyland ? 
0 how can i find out what year a beanie baby was introduced ? 
5 how many wings does a flea have ? 
0 what does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ? 
1 what product does `` mrs olsen' promote ? 
0 define sinn fein 
3 who portrayed w c fields in the film w c fields and me ? 
3 who made the musical plea be true to your school ? 
1 what mary tyler moore show regular came into the world as tadeus wladyslaw konopka ? 
3 who is edmund kemper ? 
0 how do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ? 
4 what is the longest river in the united states ? 
3 name dick tracy's two children 
4 what u s state does the continental divide leave to enter canada ? 
5 what is the frequency of vhf ? 
3 who wrote the book , `` huckleberry finn' ? 
1 material called linen is made from what plant ? 
0 how did shipyard inspector james j kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ? 
0 how do you buy stocks ? 
5 when did iraqi troops invade kuwait ? 
5 how many years is johnnie walker black label aged ? 
5 how many frames does a disk camera shoot ? 
5 how many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ? 
1 what did woody allen call the japanese gangster film he dubbed into english as a comedy ? 
1 what developed a crack in while tolling the death of u s chief justice john marshall ? 
5 how many people did the united nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in somalia in september ? 
3 what is the world's largest distilling company ? 
1 what two vegetables are combined in succotash ? 
4 what country boasts the most dams ? 
4 what is bill gross's email address ? 
3 who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the year he hit home runs ? 
5 how long does the average domesticated ferret live ? 
5 how hot does the inside of an active volcano get ? 
4 what is britain's possession on the chinese mainland ? 
1 what harmful chemicals are in bug spray ? 
1 what war saw battles at parrot's beak and black virgin ? 
5 what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ? 
3 who invented the fax machine ? 
5 when was rosa parks born ? 
0 what exactly is radiation ? 
0 what is a stratocaster ? 
5 what is the temperature today ? 
1 musician ray charles plays what instrument ? 
3 who was president of afghanistan in ? 
4 what mediterranean island is home to the first club med ? 
2 what does bud stand for ? 
4 what is the tallest mountain ? 
0 what is the `` minute cigarette' ? 
0 how do i know if i'm jealous of someone ? 
3 what team did baseball's st louis browns become ? 
0 why is rush's called ? 
0 what does phi beta kappa mean ? 
5 cnn's first broadcast occurred on what date ? 
5 how long does it take the milky way galaxy to make one revolution ? 
1 what therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream' ? 
3 who co starred with julie andrews in mary poppins ? 
5 how many superbowls have the ers won ? 
3 what professional sports league originated the college draft ? 
5 how many people are there in the world ? 
1 how do you say `` grandma' in irish ? 
3 whose special bear's creator was born on january , ? 
1 what morris west novel deals with russian bishop who becomes pope ? 
5 how much will gas be taxed in california by the year ? 
1 what does it take to be a hero ? 
4 what was the first town to be chartered in vermont ? 
4 what country boasts ismail's palace and the palace of king farouk ? 
5 what century did art's romantic period begin in ? 
4 what u s city's skyline boasts the gateway arch ? 
3 name of the lady the great gatsby pines for ? 
4 where are the national archives ? 
3 who's the only man to have won the olympic decathlon twice ? 
0 how do i love thee ? 
4 where is los vegas ? 
3 who famously rode to warn the people of massachusetts that the british were coming ? 
1 what are the first and last letters of the greek alphabet ? 
0 what is the origin of gametophytic tissue ? 
4 where is rider college ? 
1 what four tastes can a human distinguish ? 
1 what are the two houses of the legislative branch ? 
5 how many astronauts manned each project mercury flight ? 
3 who killed caesar ? 
0 what is an obtuse angle ? 
3 what pillar of the dutch renaissance painted aristotle contemplating the bust of homer ? 
3 what is the name of joan jett's band ? 
3 what inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its th anniversary in july , ? 
3 who is the worst us president ever ? 
0 what is molybdenum ? 
5 what is the temperature of the sun's surface ? 
1 what is a golf ball made of ? 
0 what is an annotated bibliography ? 
4 what italian city of were leonardo da vinci , michaelangelo , and machiavelli all working in ? 
0 why is indiglo called indiglo ? 
0 what is wimbledon ? 
3 what terrorist group was headed by donald defreeze ? 
1 what is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ? 
1 what leon uris novel dealt with the russian capture of berlin ? 
0 how does hair curl ? 
3 who portrayed field marshal erwin rommel in the desert fox ? 
3 what comedian was the perfect fool ? 
5 what year did oklahoma become a state ? 
5 when is the summer solstice ? 
5 how many gallons of paint does it take to paint the golden gate bridge ? 
0 what is a nanometer ? 
4 what cathedral was thomas becket murdered in ? 
3 what political party is sinn fein a part of ? 
5 how deep is a fathom ? 
1 what's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ? 
5 how tall is prince charles ? 
4 what landmark italian restaurant can be found at west th street , new york city ? 
0 what do i need to do to take my dog with me to live in dominica , west indies for a year ? 
5 what century does captain video live in ? 
4 where can i find a person's address from a telephone number ? 
0 what is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country' ? 
4 what city in the u s experienced the most growth recently ? 
3 who was chief engineer of the starship enterprise ? 
3 who started the dominos pizza chain ? 
3 what kind of company is eleven ? 
3 who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota territory ? 
3 what woman was time's man of the year for ? 
5 how big is the chappellet vineyard ? 
1 what kind of nuts are used in marzipan ? 
1 what colors make up a rainbow ? 
3 what piano company claims its product is the `` instrument of the immortals' ? 
3 which classical spanish writer said `` all that glitters is not gold' ? 
0 what is hypertension ? 
1 what type of currency is used in china ? 
3 who took over as conductor of the boston pops after arthur fiedler's long reign ? 
3 who was bonnie blue butler's father ? 
5 on what day were john f and jackie kennedy married ? 
0 what type of childhood did jules verne have ? 
1 ray charles plays which instrument ? 
3 who played humpty dumpty in the film alice in wonderland ? 
3 what u s general died december , , when his jeep collided with a truck ? 
1 what hair color can i use to just cover a little gray ? 
4 where on the body is a mortarboard worn ? 
3 who wrote the farmer's almanac ? 
0 what can be done about snoring ? 
1 what racehorse won an associated press poll as the greatest horse of the th century ? 
3 what girl's name is `` teddy' an affectionate form of ? 
3 in the past years who have the mvp players for the nhl been ? 
0 what is a wet dream ? 
1 what fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of herbs and spices ?' 
2 what does ibm stand for ? 
4 what's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of laos ? 
1 what beer advertised that it had `` three rings' ? 
0 how do you get silly putty out of fabric ? 
5 how much did lucy van pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ? 
4 what was the birthplace of edgar allen poe ? 
4 what river runs through rowe , italy ? 
4 what country was a terrible beauty to leon uris ? 
0 what is influenza ? 
1 what is a fear of strong light ? 
1 what's the southern dish made of pigs small intestines ? 
4 where can i find scientific data , `` research papers ,' on textile engineering ? 
3 who was the supreme god of germanic religion ? 
0 what is thalassemia ? 
0 what ever happened to the once popular yale lock company ? 
4 what two countries is andorra nestled between ? 
0 how were the days of the week named ? 
4 what is the fourth highest mountain in the world ? 
0 what is the classic definition of tragic hero ? 
4 what city houses the u s headquarters of procter and gamble ? 
0 what is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ? 
3 who made stonehenge ? 
4 what london street claims to be the world center for men's tailoring ? 
0 what does the name kelly mean ? 
0 what is carpal tunnel syndrome ? 
3 who asked you to do the loco motion with her in ? 
1 what boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ? 
4 what canal does the thatcher ferry bridge span ? 
2 what does the word laser mean ? 
5 how many americans have hiv ? 
1 what's the common name for a japanese dwarf tree ? 
2 cnn is the abbreviation for what ? 
5 how long does it take sunlight to reach earth ? 
4 what imaginary line is halfway between the north and south poles ? 
0 what causes blue balls ? 
1 what computer operating system is on the most computers ? 
1 what is one of the languages spoken by the sioux called ? 
0 what is a heuristic ? 
5 how many people in tucson ? 
3 who makes chicken `` finger lickin' good ? 
4 where is the largest dam in the world ? 
0 what were the first words spoken on a film sound track ? 
0 what was the verdict in the trial of lizzie borden ? 
1 what is the english translation for the word `` caliente' ? 
0 what is an ecological niche ? 
4 what south korean city is served by kimpo international airport ? 
0 what is the difference between khaki and chino ? 
0 what is the weather like on the moon ? 
0 how do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ? 
5 what is the earth's diameter ? 
5 what is the federal minimum wage ? 
0 how is it correct to say ` qigong ? 
1 what's another word that means `` knows all' ? 
0 what is a virtual ip address ? 
1 what statues did france give to other countries ? 
5 how many americans fought for the british in the american revolution ? 
0 how do i find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ? 
5 what percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ? 
0 what is the home rule act ? 
0 what is cosmology ? 
3 who awarded the flying fickle finger of fate ? 
3 what toy company is the world's no maker of female apparel ? 
4 where is hitler buried ? 
5 how many points are there on a backgammon board ? 
3 what dumb but loveable character did maurice gosfield play on the phil silvers show ? 
3 what department store heir is responsible for raising a three ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the andrea doria ? 
4 what were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ? 
3 who painted the sistine chapel ? 
1 what are two plants that clothes are made from ? 
4 what is the greatest hiking web site ? 
4 where can i get information and statistics on countries and nations ? 
5 when did the jurassic period end ? 
1 what is plastic made of ? 
1 what did mr magoo flog on tv for general electric ? 
3 what did the seven dwarfs do for a living ? 
3 what count did alexandre dumas write about ? 
1 what late night tv show features larry , bud , melman and toast on a stick ? 
1 what is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ? 
3 who invented batteries ? 
4 what country's flag is field green ? 
1 what did the forward thinking simon brothers bakery of chicago insert into bagels to boost business ? 
0 what is a biosphere ? 
1 what color is a poison arrow frog ? 
1 what are the wolverine habits ? 
4 what attracts tourists to reims ? 
5 what is the student population at the university of massachusetts in amherst ? 
3 what american actress was the first to be called a `` vamp' ? 
5 how many chemical elements are there ? 
4 what are the three most populated countries in the world ? 
3 what's comic strip photographer peter parker's secret identity ? 
3 who was the bandleader mentor of ella fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` a tisket , a tasket' ? 
3 who made the first airplane ? 
5 what is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ? 
1 what george harrison tune sounded too much like he's so fine by the chiffons ? 
4 where was pythagoras born ? 
3 what cherokee indian gave his name to a tree ? 
0 what is an antigen ? 
1 what is the movie jonathan livingstone seagull ? 
0 how do clouds form ? 
3 who wrote sons and lovers ? 
4 what country is mount everest in ? 
3 who retired with home runs to his credit ? 
1 what is the name of the largest water conservancy project in china ? 
4 where is the valley of the kings ? 
1 name four comic strips about pilots 
0 what is cabarnet sauvignon ? 
5 what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ? 
1 what turns blue litmus paper red ? 
1 who was the first animal into space ? 
0 what is `` alternative' anymore ? 
1 what novel has big brother watching ? 
0 what is cryogenics ? 
0 how did the war of affect delaware ? 
3 what poet wrote `` i have promises to keep , and miles to go before i sleep' ? 
3 who made the first surfboard ? 
1 what food can i use to catch a possum ? 
1 what are the seven wonders of the world ? 
1 what book is subtitled the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life ? 
3 whose singing voice was dubbed in for natalie wood in west side story and audrey hepburn in my fair lady ? 
0 what was the effect of the yalta conference ? 
5 when was the big thompson flood ? 
0 how is answers com different from knowpost com ? 
1 what film won seven oscars , including best picture ? 
1 what do hasidic jews refrain from while dating ? 
4 where can i find information on the narragansett indians and other tribes in rhode island ? 
3 what journalist can be found in and around walden puddle ? 
3 what are the names of richard nixon's two daughters ? 
3 who established a viking colony in greenland about ? 
1 what are the three secondary colors ? 
4 what city is graced by the arch of titus ? 
1 what are some ways to help someone with chicken pox ? 
4 what's the oldest capital city in the americas ? 
3 who portrayed the title character in the film the day of the jackal ? 
4 what famed strip of land is a minute boat trip across the venetian lagoon from venice ? 
0 what is mad cow disease ? 
5 what is the average date when most malls begin putting up christmas holiday decorations ? 
5 how many four star generals were there and who are they ? 
0 what is nitrox diving ? 
3 what group included abbey hoffman , jerry rubin , and tom hayden ? 
5 how much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared with the material made from cellulose ? 
3 who made the rotary engine automobile ? 
1 what did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ? 
3 who was the nd president of the us ? 
4 where do quality drinks begin ? 
0 what happens when a body part falls asleep ? 
1 what rum is so `` mixable' it is a one brand bar ? 
1 what is the predominant color of the tab label ? 
0 how do hermit crabs reproduce ? 
3 what organization has a security council ? 
4 what nationality is ileana cotrubas ? 
3 what civil war general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through georgia on his way to the sea ? 
0 what is the origin of the term `` the brooklyn side' in bowling ? 
5 how many great lakes are there ? 
0 what are tannins ? 
0 what function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ? 
5 what is the temperature at the center of the earth ? 
1 what kind of science is cosmology ? 
1 what were baffin , frobisher and franklin looking for ? 
4 where is melbourne ? 
1 what is the proper name for a female walrus ? 
0 how was the aclu formed ? 
3 what corporation does madonna advertise for ? 
3 george bush purchased a small interest in which baseball team ? 
3 who invented the hula hoop ? 
1 what does playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between playboy and its readers' ? 
4 what four u s states have active volcanoes ? 
0 what is boston kreme ? 
3 in dana's `` two years before the mast ,' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at san diego ? 
0 what caused the titanic to sink ? 
0 what is the function of the appendix ? 
5 how much is a canadian twenty dollar gold coin worth ? 
5 what is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ? 
0 what are the words to the song sung by `` banana in pajamas' ? 
5 how many bones are in the human hand ? 
5 what is the population of nigeria ? 
4 what two european countries are joined by the gran san bernardo pass ? 
5 in what year did thatcher become prime minister ? 
0 how can i find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in massachusetts ? 
1 what's the literary term for a play on words ? 
0 why does it snow ? 
5 how many times in his year national basketball associaton career was john havlicek a member of the all star team ? 
4 what sound does olympia , washington , overlook ? 
0 define cosmology 
1 what are some important events of the 's ? 
5 how old was sir edmund hillary when he climbed mt everest ? 
3 who invented the calculator ? 
4 what scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge connected islands ? 
5 how many russians have landed on the moon ? 
1 what drug is often used to treat aids patients ? 
4 where on the web is adventours tours from sydney , australia ? 
5 how many days does a typical mayfly live ? 
3 what new orleans d a claimed `` my staff and i solved the assassination weeks ago' ? 
4 what planet gave bith to superman ? 
5 what are the unemployment statistics for the years and ? 
4 which area produces the least acidic coffee ? 
3 what hall of fame pitcher started three world series games for the new york yankees in ? 
0 how do i get another city's newspaper ? 
4 what's the longest river in the world ? 
3 what army was founded by william booth and his wife catherine ? 
2 what does the abbreviation ioc stand for ? 
5 what is the life span of the average monkey ? 
4 where is the grand canyon ? 
0 what information can you get me on fairground park in st louis 
4 what city's newspaper is called `` the star' ? 
3 who was the lawyer for randy craft ? 
1 what kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ? 
4 where are good science sites on the internet ? 
3 who is luke skywalker's father ? 
3 who's won the most oscars for costume design ? 
0 how do i sing like elvis presley ? 
0 how does a scientific calculator work ? 
5 how many years ago did led zeppelin release its last album ? 
5 how long does james bond like his eggs boiled ? 
3 who is the prime minister of japan ? 
4 what stadium do the miami dolphins play their home games in ? 
0 how did the u s come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the spanish american war ? 
1 what's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ? 
4 what country contains the westernmost point in south america ? 
5 how many fig newtons are there to the pound ? 
3 what u s air force general led the first bombing raid over tokyo ? 
3 who stopped making diary entries on may , , because he thought he was going blind ? 
3 what french ruler was defeated at the battle of waterloo ? 
0 where do chihuahuas come from ? 
3 what batman character tools around on a batcycle ? 
4 what city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the piazza san marco ? 
3 what dummy received an honorary degree from northwestern university ? 
1 what d h lawrence novel was originally titled tenderness ? 
5 how many wives did brigham young have ? 
3 who is ishmael in moby dick ? 
0 why were the american soldiers in wwi called `` doughboys' 
1 what is the name of kevin costner's movie about sioux indians ? 
5 what is the chromosome number of an elephant ? 
4 what state did helen keller call home ? 
5 what was the death toll at the eruption of mount pinatubo ? 
3 who won the academy award for best actor ? 
1 what is a fear of jealousy ? 
0 what is a courier ? 
0 what are bellworts ? 
5 when was the brandenburg gate in berlin built ? 
0 what is acetic acid ? 
0 what is an annuity ? 
5 how many canadians emmigrate each year ? 
1 what animals did the amazing three masquerade as ? 
5 when is the official first day of summer ? 
5 what is dick clark's birthday ? 
1 what kind of sports team is the buffalo sabres ? 
4 where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ? 
5 when did the vesuvius last erupt ? 
1 what metal has the highest melting point ? 
1 what famed tennis tournament's men's singles title was fred perry the last englishman to win ? 
3 who invented the electric guitar ? 
3 what british commander surrendered to george washington at yorktown in ? 
1 what is the name of a book written by aaron hass ? 
3 what international organization was founded by clara barton ? 
1 what does a chiropodist treat ? 
1 what foods contain the most protein ? 
0 what does the word `` meta' mean ? 
4 where can i find information on becoming a journalist ? 
1 to what does microsoft's windows owe its success ? 
1 what two major world religions began in india ? 
3 who reports the weather on the `` good morning america' television show ? 
0 what is a canada two penny black ? 
5 what is the population in india ? 
3 what u s vice president said `` some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it' ? 
1 which produces the longer sperm an elephant or a mouse ? 
0 how do you match a name to a social security number ? 
1 what is the most common cancer ? 
3 who played for the chicago bears , houston oilers and oakland raiders in a year pro football career ? 
4 in which state would you find the catskill mountains ? 
3 what french designer declared `` the jean is the destructor ! it is a dictator ! it is destroying creativity the jean must be stopped !' ? 
0 how do i know someone is truly in love with me ? 
0 how did socrates die ? 
3 who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted ?? of all profits of his voyage 
1 what color does litmus paper turn when it comes into contact with a strong acid ? 
3 who sought to create the great society ? 
3 who is archie bunker's son in law ? 
3 what heavyweight boxer was known as the wild bull of the pampas ? 
0 what does `` philebus like' mean ? 
5 how much was a ticket for the titanic ? 
1 what kind of dog is scooby doo ? 
4 what country's people are the top television watchers ? 
1 what animal has killed the most people ? 
0 what is the spirometer test ? 
4 what two countries are separated by the bering strait ? 
1 which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self portraits ? 
1 what is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ? 
3 who invented the paper clip ? 
4 what celestial body has a diameter of , miles ? 
4 what's the home of the rockettes ? 
0 what is an aurora ? 
4 what sea is bombay on ? 
5 what is the sales tax rate in new york ? 
0 what is the internet ? 
3 what was the nickname of frederick i , holy roman emperor and king of germany ? 
0 how is silk screening done ? 
4 what state in the u s has the most blacks ? 
1 what trophy is awarded to the winners of the super bowl ? 
1 which is heavier cream or milk ? 
1 what meter did shakespeare use in writing `` to be , or not to be , that is the question ' ? 
3 who created the monster in mary shelley's novel frankenstein ? 
0 what is thermal equilibrium ? 
3 what culture developed the idea of potlatch ? 
4 where is south bend ? 
1 name the four stories contained in edith wharton's `` old new york ' 
1 what does warner bros call a flightless cuckoo ? 
4 where is the official `` zero' of the sea level ? 
0 what is bombay duck ? 
3 what information can you tell me about actor james cromwell ? 
3 what company makes impulse hardening equipment ? 
3 what japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of tokyo ? 
1 what is a film starring jude law ? 
5 how many types of dogs tails are there three 
4 what do most tourists visit in reims ? 
0 how can i determine the radius of an ellipse ? 
5 how old is bernadette peters ? 
1 what soft drink tells us to `` go hawaiian' ? 
1 what are the components of polyester ? 
3 who won the california democratic primary ? 
0 what does camera ready art mean ? 
0 what were the three prophecies the witches make to macbeth ? 
1 what chemicals are used in lethal injection ? 
3 what president hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting no , almost collapsed during the road race ? 
4 where is the taj mahal ? 
0 what is the circumorbital hematoma ? 
3 who is shirley maclaine ? 
1 what war added jeep and quisling to the english language ? 
4 what ocean was amelia earhart flying over when she disappeared ? 
0 what happened to pompeii ? 
1 what is the name of a language spoken by the sioux ? 
3 what cheery fellow got the zip code from the u s postal service in ? 
0 what happened in dogtown in to make that year remembered ? 
0 what is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ? 
5 how much calcium should an adult female have daily ? 
1 how do you say `` eat the day' in latin ? 
5 what is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ? 
4 where did king francis i hang the `` mona lisa' when he owned it ? 
3 what company is the largest japanese ship builder ? 
3 what nobel laureate was expelled from the philippines before the conference on east timor ? 
4 where can i find the names of all the pokemon ? 
3 who was lauren bacall's first husband ? 
1 the corpus callosum is in what part of the body ? 
0 what is the origin of the candy cane at christmas ? 
3 who was the first american poet to win the nobel prize for literature , in ? 
4 what is the capital of congo ? 
0 what is a first world country ? 
3 what cigarette company urged us , `` come to where the flavor is ?' 
3 what japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ? 
3 what actress starred in `` the lion in winter' ? 
5 what year were the olympic games played in where nadia comaneci became popular ? 
5 when was the parthenon built ? 
5 how many times a year does the american gourd society publish the gourd ? 
5 how tall is the sears building ? 
0 what is linux ? 
4 what is the capital of zimbabwe ? 
1 name the product that is `` at your grocer's , at your fingertips ' 
1 what j r r tolkien book features bilbo baggins as the central character ? 
1 what are the tenses in the english language ? 
5 what is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ? 
3 what is the best college in the country ? 
0 what is desktop publishing ? 
0 what is the vdrl test of blood ? 
0 what effect does lsd have on the brain ? 
3 name the company that used the line , `` even your best friend won't tell you' in its ad ? 
5 a normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ? 
5 what is the chemical reactivity of argon ? 
1 what hollywood dog died in the arms of jean harlow in ? 
1 mississippi is nicknamed what ? 
4 where is the world's most active volcano located ? 
5 how far is a nautical mile ? 
3 who portrayed dracula in hammer studios films ? 
3 who is rocky's and bullwinkle's ever lost friend ? 
3 what task does the bouvier breed of dog perform ? 
1 what document did president andrew johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ? 
4 what is the longest place name in the u s ? 
0 what are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ? 
1 what does the method called `` cold fusion' create ? 
1 what is the best selling computer model ever ? 
5 when will the millennium officially begin ? 
1 what stringed weapon fires a bolt ? 
0 how did water appear on the earth ? 
4 what was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in ? 
3 what is her profession ? 
1 what does a phobophobe fear ? 
5 how loud is thunder ? 
5 approximately how many students are enrolled at the university of massachusetts ? 
5 when was the slinky invented ? 
1 winnie the pooh is what kind of animal ? 
4 on what river is strasbourg built ? 
5 how long is the border between canada and the conterminous states ? 
3 what university football team did o j simpson take to the rose bowl ? 
5 when was the boston tea party ? 
1 what's the biggest selling u s magazine aimed at a black audience ? 
3 who is the best known villain of the gunpowder plot ? 
1 what class of animals makes up more than two thirds of known species ? 
4 where did george of the jungle live ? 
4 what is the largest city in germany ? 
5 how many times can a nickel cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ? 
3 who created private detective philip marlowe ? 
5 how many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ? 
4 what county is phoenix , az in ? 
0 what is tetrinet ? 
0 how do you find the area of a circle ? 
1 what is the first book of the old testament ? 
5 what is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ? 
1 what meter was invented by c c magee in ? 
3 who followed caesar ? 
3 which former ku klux klan member won an elected office in the u s ? 
4 where did ty cobb grow up ? 
5 what year did the titanic sink ? 
1 what is smokey the bear's middle name ? 
4 in what state was there an million gallon oil spill ? 
1 what series of trials followed world war ii ? 
4 what desert country borders saudi arabia , iraq and the persian gulf ? 
0 where did the marriage ceremony come from ? 
4 where are there aborigines ? 
3 who directed the first woody woodpecker cartoon ? 
3 rotary engine cars were made by what company ? 
1 what explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ? 
4 where does barney rubble go to work after he drops fred off in the `` flintstones' cartoon series ? 
3 what organization did mr waverly assign agents for ? 
4 where is the mayo clinic ? 
1 what gaming devices were dubbed `` mississippi marbles' and `` memphis dominoes' ? 
0 how does rabies spread ? 
1 what tom wolfe book is about the mercury astronauts ? 
0 what is a chinese `` spouting' bowl ? 
4 what are some good medical sites for information ? 
0 how does a submarine operate ? 
1 what's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ? 
5 what percentage of all world tornados touch down in the us ? 
4 what country did the ancient romans refer to as hibernia ? 
4 what's the world's longest suspension bridge ? 
3 what are the four railways in monopoly ? 
4 what european country abandoned postage stamps in because printing them cost more than their face value ? 
0 how is saline used in medicine ? 
0 why are there braille things on the atm machines that people drive through ? 
5 how many american actors were nominated for the best actor oscar for ? 
3 who portrayed `` rosanne rosanna dana' on the television show `` saturday night live' ? 
0 what is interlata internet service ? 
4 where does the tennis star stefan edberg come from ? 
5 when was abraham lincoln born ? 
1 in what medium is stuart hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ? 
1 what's the traditional drink at the kentucky derby ? 
0 why is it called `` hamburger' if there is no ham in it ? 
1 what's the only color johnny cash wears on stage ? 
1 on what t v show could tom terrific be found ? 
1 what term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ? 
1 what poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be' 
1 what do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like ? 
0 what causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ? 
2 what does g m t stand for ? 
5 what day and month did john lennon die ? 
1 what eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ? 
5 how many mountains have been named for presidents in the continental usa ? 
1 what are the principles of learning from the institute for research on learning , irl ? 
3 who is the famous sister of actress olivia de havilland ? 
3 what group was formed in after police met resistance from patrons at the stonewall , a greenwich village gay bar ? 
3 what scottish poet penned to a mouse and to a louse ? 
3 which presidents of the usa were masons ? 
3 who designed london bridge ? 
5 how many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ? 
1 what disease is transmitted by the anopheles mosquito ? 
1 what shakespearean play featured shylock ? 
4 where was the first golf course in the united states ? 
4 what's the name of the wilkes plantation in gone with the wind ? 
5 how many marx brothers were there ? 
5 how many times has harold stassen announced a drive for the white house ? 
1 what book did aaron hass write ? 
1 what is the name of the second space shuttle ? 
5 how big is the largest diamond ? 
1 what is the word for love of pain or abuse ? 
1 what common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ? 
4 what city is served by logan international airport ? 
1 what is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ? 
1 what was john steinbeck's travelling companion charley ? 
1 in what spacecraft did u s astronaut alan shepard make his historic flight ? 
5 how many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the empire state building ? 
1 what film was the first to gross million ? 
4 what country has the most time zones , with ? 
1 what disease does katharine hepburn have that makes her voice shake ? 
1 what plant is rum made from ? 
0 what is different about the red and black fox ? 
5 how many hearts does an octopus have ? 
1 what card game has variations called canfield , klondike and spider ? 
4 what is the snowiest city in the u s ? 
2 what is sap ? 
4 what london street is the home of british journalism ? 
5 what are the shoe sizes of o'neal , jordan , and mutombo , the nba players ? 
0 where do rocks come from ? 
3 who is samuel pickering ? 
3 who wrote the lyrics to porgy and bess ? 
4 where was `` i have fallen , and i can't get up' said first ? 
1 what john steinbeck novel portrays the joad family , driven from the oklahoma dustbowl ? 
1 what's the name of a golf course in myrtle beach ? 
0 how can i find out which cities have cable modem access ? 
4 where can i get mailing lists ? 
1 what's the only work by michelangelo that bears his signature ? 
0 what is garry kasparov famous for ? 
4 what planet is known as the `` red' planet ? 
4 what city has the zip code of ? 
0 what are the poconos ? 
0 what's a water funnel ? 
4 what constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ? 
3 what baseball player was known as charley hustle ? 
5 how long is human gestation ? 
1 what breed of dog was the `` little rascals' dog ? 
5 how many calories are there in a glass of water ? 
3 who is the fastest guitarist ? 
5 how much does the human adult female brain weigh ? 
0 how do i find info about rice importers in the world ? 
0 what is the history of buffalo chicken wings ? 
3 what athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ? 
4 where can i find a case on individuals with disabilities education act of ? 
3 what author did photographer yousuf karsh call `` the shiest man i ever met' ? 
3 who's the king of swing ? 
0 what is the origin of the surname of braun ? 
0 what is phosphorus ? 
2 what does the acronym cpr mean ? 
0 what's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ? 
5 what date is richard nixon's birthday ? 
0 what's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed kappa alpha theta ? 
4 where did bill gates go to college ? 
4 what city was martin luther king jr assassinated in ? 
1 what nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ? 
3 who owns the st louis rams ? 
3 which german president was pressured into appointing hitler chancellor in ? 
4 where are the haversian canals ? 
0 what does gringo mean ? 
3 what dictator has the nickname `` el maximo' ? 
0 what do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ? 
5 when was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ? 
0 how has tv affected our society ? 
1 in what book can i find the story of aladdin ? 
1 what book does holden caulfield appear in ? 
1 what is one of the languages of the sioux ? 
1 what's the most abundant element in the sun ? 
0 what is goldenseal ? 
3 name the creator of `` the muppets' 
4 where did hillary clinton graduate college ? 
5 how big is the universe actually ? 
5 when was the internal combustion engine developed ? 
0 what does your spleen do ? 
3 what six foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ? 
5 when did beethoven die ? 
1 what was the name of the policy forced on china by which all nations had equal trading rights ? 
3 what cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer' ? 
3 what director portrayed the commandant of the pow camp in 's stalag ? 
0 what is the meaning of `` subaru ?' 
0 how does the elongated man know a mystery is afoot ? 
3 who was the author of the novel `` far from the madding crowd' ? 
2 what does ms , miss , and mrs stand for ? 
5 what is the goat population of the world ? 
3 who created billy pilgrim , a survivor of the dresden firestorm ? 
2 what does hiv stand for ? 
4 what is the homelite inc home page ? 
4 where was george washington born ? 
4 what country in had the most suicides regardless of population size ? 
4 what is the largest city in the world ? 
0 what is a jellicle cat ? 
3 what nfl team did vince lombardi end his coaching career with ? 
1 what famous events have happened on march ? 
4 where can i find the history of the hungarian language ? 
1 what musical instrument did sherlock holmes play ? 
1 what are emblazoned on the jolly roger ? 
1 what sign is the water carrier the zodiacal symbol for ? 
0 what is peyote ? 
1 what is the most popular sport in japan ? 
0 how is easter sunday's date determined ? 
3 who told all in ball four ? 
1 what is the name given to the islamic counterpart of the red cross ? 
1 what shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ? 
0 what is a conifer ? 
3 what was the infamous pseudonym of peter sutcliffe ? 
1 what's the highest hand in straight poker ? 
3 what camera company said , `` if you haven't got the time , we've got the camera ?' 
2 what does cpr stand for ? 
0 what is the history of valentine's day cards ? 
4 what was known as the spice island ? 
3 who killed martin luther king ? 
4 what sea surrounds the cayman islands ? 
5 how many characters are in the chinese alphabet ? 
3 what tv sitcom character had the maiden name ethel potter ? 
3 what hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the u s embassy ? 
4 what state produces the best lobster to eat ? 
0 what are polymers ? 
5 how many events make up the decathlon ? 
3 who is the richest woman in the world ? 
4 what georgia town did scarlett o'hara condemn as being full of pushy people ? 
5 what is the pennsylvania state income tax rate ? 
4 what is george lucas's e mail address ? 
5 what should the temperature be set at while baking peachy oat muffins ? 
1 what game is fatal to anybody over ? 
1 what can communications satellites offer yachts ? 
1 what articles of clothing are tokens in monopoly ? 
1 what is the zodiac sign for august ? 
1 what does an ashen faced eidologist search out the existence of ? 
1 what hide and seek game is played around a tin can ? 
1 what is the islamic equivalent of the red cross ? 
3 what was the previous name for the commonwealth ? 
1 what color are crickets ? 
0 how does crosstalk relate to insb thickness in infrared detectors ? 
0 what is the origin of the atom ? 
5 what can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ? 
0 what are the baltic states ? 
3 what's the name of tom sawyer's aunt with whom he lives ? 
5 how long is camptown racetrack ? 
4 what is the world's highest peak ? 
3 who's the founder and editor of the national review ? 
0 what is ethylene ? 
3 when not adventuring on rann , what does adam strange call his profession ? 
1 what movie told of anna anderson's claim to be a russian czar's daughter ? 
3 who was the first black woman to star in the folies bergeres ? 
3 who banned peter rose from baseball for betting on games ? 
3 name the first private citizen to fly in space 
5 what is the average cost for four years of medical school ? 
0 what do hank aaron , jimmy stewart , and howard k smith have in common ? 
5 how many islands make up antigua ? 
4 where does the u s get most of its energy ? 
5 when was the first american encyclopedia published ? 
1 what is the colorful korean traditional dress called ? 
3 who created the character of scrooge ? 
2 what does a w of root beer fame stand for ? 
3 who founded the people's temple commune ? 
3 what little boy and dog live in a shoe ? 
1 in what movie is the number nine found in the title ? 
3 who became president of the u s in ? 
1 what daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the usa' ? 
1 name a stimulant 
1 the u s department of treasury first issued paper currency for the u s during which war ? 
1 what is a softball made of ? 
0 what is a person's socioeconomic position ? 
4 where was the first restaurant ? 
0 what is osmosis ? 
1 what type of betting is used in horse racing ? 
0 what is a leaky heart valve ? 
0 what do meteorologists do ? 
4 where was george washington born ? 
0 how do doctors diagnose bone cancer ? 
0 what's the staff of life mentioned in the lord's prayer ? 
3 what boxer's life story is titled raging bull ? 
3 what character in the beverly hillbillies has the given names daisy moses ? 
0 what is the song stairway to heaven by led zeppelin about ? 
5 how many films are made by the major studios in a year ? 
2 what does necrosis mean ? 
3 what is li'l abner's last name ? 
4 where is erykah badu originally from ? 
1 what films featured the character popeye doyle ? 
1 name a tiger that is extinct 
1 what `` magic' does mandrake employ ? 
0 what's the mystery of the bermuda triangle ? 
5 what is the life expectancy of an elephant ? 
4 where can one find rider college ? 
3 who does the voices of the simpsons ? 
3 what comedienne upstaged dwight d eisenhower's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ? 
1 what did dan aykroyd and john belushi quit saturday night live to become ? 
1 what animal has been called the poor man's cow ? 
1 what field sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ? 
1 which airplane did fawaz younis hijack ? 
4 where is basque country located ? 
0 why are there letters on the telephone ? why are there no q or z ? 
5 how cold should a refrigerator be ? 
3 name a canine cartoon character other than huckleberry hound to have a voice by daws butler 
5 what year did the united states pass the copyright law ? 
1 what is the treatment for depression ? 
4 what famed river was hernando de soto the first european to see ? 
3 what's the name of popeye's adopted son ? 
1 what were the names of the three ships used by columbus ? 
4 where did the maya people live ? 
4 where can i buy a pony on the big island for my daughter ? 
3 which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in ventura county ? 
1 what bird can swim but can't fly ? 
3 what u s university boasts the largest library ? 
3 what u s president was the first to breed mules ? 
2 what does rca stand for ? 
3 who developed the vaccination against polio ? 
1 what is the birthstone of october ? 
4 what country owns corsica ? 
3 who wrote nn dt nnp nnp' ? 
0 what is a carcinogen ? 
0 where did the term `` ' come from ? 
3 who created big ben ? 
0 what causes pneumonia ? 
3 who sang about desmond and molly jones ? 
4 where did dikembe mutombo go to college ? 
0 what is idealab ! ? 
0 how do you make dumplings ? 
4 what building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the dollar bill ? 
0 what is difference between a poster and a print ? 
5 what is the first day of the week ? 
3 what isps exist in the caribbean ? 
0 how do i find out what cities are in a certain area code ? 
5 what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ? 
4 where can i find the lyrics for the song ` getting married today from the musical ` company ? 
3 who portrayed `` the man without a face' in the movie of the same name ? 
3 who was the famous door to door brush salesman ? 
3 what was w c fields real name ? 
3 who invented the horoscope ? 
0 how do i log on to home page at headquarters u s european command ? 
3 what hockey team did wayne gretzky play for ? 
0 what is god ? 
5 during which season do most thunderstorms occur ? 
1 what was the eighth day following the nones in each month of the roman calendar called ? 
3 what is the best internet business to go into ? 
5 what year did germany sign its nonaggression pact with the soviet union ? 
4 what city or state do the most gay men live in ? 
4 what city has a newspaper called the plain dealer ? 
3 who was the th president of the united states ? 
0 how do i contact answers com ? 
3 what national league baseball team employed third baseemen in its first seasons ? 
0 what's the difference between j d and ll m ? 
1 what's the international radio code word for the letter b ? 
0 what category does the color pink denote in the trivial pursuit baby boomer edition ? 
4 where can i find the status of my tax return ? 
1 what is the only substance that gives food its `` taste' when eaten ? 
0 what is amitriptyline ? 
0 what would happen to canada if quebec separated ? 
2 what does the `` c' stand for in the equation e mc ? 
3 what was william f cody's better known name ? 
1 what is the biggest `` thing' humans have made ? 
0 what does the latin ante mortem mean ? 
4 what is the largest city in connecticut ? 
4 where does the song anything goes take place ? 
3 who was the second person ever to wear iron man's armor ? 
4 what natural attractions draw the most visitors in the united states ? 
5 what year did the nfl go on strike ? 
3 what frenchman claimed the following ? if god did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him ' 
4 name an art gallery in new york 
5 when was the battle of hastings ? 
5 how fast is light ? 
1 what is the correct way to use `` may' vs `` might' ? 
1 name the disposable razor that `` costs about cents ' 
5 what was the minimum wage in ? 
4 which mountain range in north america stretches from maine to georgia ? 
1 what does the statue of liberty wear on her feet ? 
3 who played the original charlie's angels ? 
0 what do the names andrew and christina mean ? 
1 what delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ? 
1 what book was f scott fitzgerald working on when he died in hollywood in ? 
5 when was `` the great depression' ? 
1 what dangles over the tongue from the palate ? 
5 how often are brain cells replaced ? 
0 how did rocky marciano die ? 
5 how long did shea and gould practice law in los angeles ? 
3 who built the first pyramid ? 
0 how can i get my product licensed by the nba ? 
5 how many zip codes are there in the u s ? 
1 what is a fear of color ? 
4 what is the state nickname of mississippi ? 
4 what strait links the mediterranean sea and the atlantic ocean ? 
4 what new england state carries the telephone area code ? 
4 what prison is found in ossining , new york ? 
3 what two commanders directed the forces in the battle of el alamein ? 
1 what is the name of the satellite that the soviet union sent into space in ? 
4 what country boasts the southernmost point in continental europe ? 
4 what u s state lived under six flags ? 
4 where did victor hugo spend his exile ? 
4 what european country's monarchy was restored in ? 
4 what countries have the best math students ? 
0 what prompted the co pilot of the enola gay to enter only `` my god' in his log ? 
0 how do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ? 
1 what color tennis balls are used at wimbledon ? 
5 when was the g group of nations formed ? 
5 how many bails are there in a cricket wicket ? 
5 at what age did rossini stop writing opera ? 
5 how much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ? 
1 what is shirley maclaine known as ? 
1 what are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ? 
5 how many megawatts will the power project in indonesia , built by a consortium headed by mission energy of us , produce ? 
5 how many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ? 
5 how many queen bees reign in a hive ? 
5 in what year did thatcher gain power ? 
1 what hermann hesse book gave its name to a rock group ? 
0 how did u s a become involved in the barbary wars 
1 what do opposite faces of a die always add up to ? 
3 which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car' in japanese as its new international name ? 
0 what is fibromyalgia ? 
0 what is the use of a hour clock instead of a hour clock ? 
0 how can i stop or slow down aging ? 
1 what game do steve mcqueen and edward g robinson play in the cincinnati kid ? 
0 how do ants have sex ? 
1 what animal was the heat seeking missile called the sidewinder named for ? 
0 what's a short ton ? 
4 which large u s city had the highest murder rate for ? 
1 what is the money they use in zambia ? 
1 what does the ouarterly review of doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement' ? 
3 who is the president of ghana ? 
0 why is a ladybug helpful ? 
4 what three european countries begin with the letter a ? 
1 what is ray bradbury's illustrated man illustrated with ? 
1 what weapon did the crossed slits in english castles accommodate ? 
0 what is the theory of equivalence states ? 
3 what baseball team owner and sailor is known as the mouth of the south ? 
0 what clause in the u s constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ? 
1 what's the name of jacques cousteau's research ship ? 
5 when were the olympic games in which nadia comaneci became popular played ? 
3 who is actress goldie hawn's current actor boyfriend ? 
3 what composer was awarded the medal of honor by franklin d roosevelt ? 
0 what steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ? 
0 what's the rathaus in frankfurt ? 
0 how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet source ? 
1 in order from the top , the four stripes on a can of pepsi are what colors ? 
5 how many pins are used in skittles ? 
2 what is the full name of the plo ? 
4 what is the rainiest place on earth ? 
1 what's the second most used vowel in english ? 
0 define spumante 
4 where is the tallest roller coaster located ? 
5 what year did canada join the united nations ? 
4 where do you find information about the queensland national competition policy 
3 who founded american red cross ? 
3 what writer journalist made his mark describing colorful broadway and underworld characters ? 
0 why is the mile feet ? 
5 what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o'hara ? 
0 how can i look up someone's e mail address on the internet ? 
1 what is celebrated during the week of february ? 
0 what causes `` rolling thunder' ? 
0 what is a panic disorder ? 
3 who was the original humpty dumpty ? 
1 what kind of crystals exist ? 
0 what is limbo ? 
4 what is the name of the country which hitler ruled ? 
0 what is a dental root canal ? 
3 what baseball star turned down a , a year contract because he felt he hadn't earned it ? 
4 what city has the two steepest streets in the u s ? 
0 what is the esophagus used for ? 
0 what is strep throat ? 
5 how fast is the speed of light ? 
4 what u s state comes last in an alphabetical list ? 
3 who played al jolson in the jolson story ? 
0 what is a swatch ? 
3 who murdered leno and rosemary labianca on august 
1 what was dwight eisenhower's favorite card game ? 
4 where on the internet can i get chemicals importers ? 
2 what does the acronym nasa stand for ? 
0 what is porphyria ? 
3 what does nicholas cage do for a living ? 
5 what is the life expectancy for crickets ? 
3 who is snoopy's arch enemy ? 
0 what is a dangling participle ? 
3 what is the name of neil armstrong's wife ? 
5 how many names are there for eskimo people ? 
5 how many casinos are in atlantic city , nj ? 
1 what board game does a `` wood pusher' play poorly ? 
1 what color is a giraffe's tongue ? 
1 what are the most common breeding birds in the u s ? 
1 what literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth , pounds ? 
1 what was lost and regained by poet john milton ? 
1 what broadway show introduced the song some enchanted evening ? 
1 what's the only mammal that can't jump ? 
1 what was the name of the first u s satellite sent into space ? 
0 what is multimedia ? 
3 who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ? 
0 what is a portal ? 
3 what is nicholas cage's profession ? 
3 who was the king who was forced to agree to the magna carta ? 
3 what american won the world grand prix driving championship in ? 
3 who did sonny liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ? 
3 what author was appointed u s ambassador to spain in ? 
0 why are the ears your center of balance ? 
0 what is an angelus ? 
3 what were the last names of gangsters bonnie and clyde ? 
0 how do microwaves work ? 
1 what meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first tv dinner ? 
3 who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with the girl of the sea of cortez ? 
0 how can i transport files from one computer to another ? 
0 colin powell is most famous for what ? 
3 what writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ? 
5 what is the chemical reactivity of neon ? 
4 what is the geographical center of the us including alaska and hawaii ? 
4 where is the loop ? 
1 what animal's tail is called a brush ? 
5 how many web servers are there ? 
1 name the ship beany and cecil sailed 
3 what store does martha stewart advertise for ? 
4 where is former pro wrestler johnny `` rubber man' walker ? 
3 what is the name of the inventor of silly putty ? 
0 what is home equity ? 
0 what does the name `` justin' mean ? 
4 what countries have the largest armed forces in the world ? 
1 what do flatfish eat ? 
1 what did englishman john hawkins begin selling to new world colonists in ? 
4 what state is mount mckinley in ? 
0 how is the element strontium purified ? 
5 how many times larger than life size is the statue of liberty ? 
1 what is the formula to calculate pi ? 
3 what was michelangelo's last name ? 
1 what film had jack lemmon portraying a cartoonist ? 
4 what is the location of the sea of tranquility ? 
1 what is a mirror made out of ? 
4 what state has the least amount of rain per year ? 
0 where does `` bovine' come from ? 
4 what country and western singer is known as the silver fox ? 
1 what was the non fiction best seller of , and ? 
4 what country is the biggest producer of tungsten ? 
3 who invented trivial pursuit ? 
1 what fruit is melba sauce made from ? 
3 who was sherlock holmes's archenemy ? 
5 how big is a quart ? 
4 where is the lourve ? 
3 who made the first airplane that could fly ? 
0 what is the origin of the name ` scarlett ? 
5 when is dick clark's birthday ? 
1 what are the two types of twins ? 
0 what is cryptography ? 
4 where is the euphrates river ? 
4 where do you find the answers for all these questions ? 
3 cnn is owned by whom ? 
0 what's the meaning of uol ? 
5 how much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the us ? , dt cd nn nn , 
0 what is `` cat scratch fever' ? 
3 what is the last name of lucy and linus from the peanut's comic strip ? 
2 what does the e stand for in the equation e mc ? 
3 who played lucas mccain on the rifleman ? 
1 name the story by chris van allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ? 
5 how many inches over six feet is tom selleck ? 
0 what is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ? 
5 how many endangered species are there in the world ? 
0 what does `` janelle' mean ? 
1 which operating system runs on ibm compatible machines ? 
3 what player squats an average of times during a baseball doubleheader ? 
1 what are you caught in if a haboob blows up ? 
3 who first broke the sound barrier ? 
3 who was with patricia hearst the night she was kidnaped ? 
5 when was queen victoria born ? 
1 what is a fear of failure ? 
0 how do you determine heating requirements for your home ? 
0 what causes panic attacks ? 
4 what province is montreal in ? 
3 the name of the actor who played the detective in the film kindergarden cop is what ? 
1 what game is garry kasparov really good at ? 
3 who is the antichrist ? 
3 what corporation does madonna advertise for ? 
3 who sent the brief message `` i came , i saw , i conquered' ? 
3 what polynesian people inhabit new zealand ? 
1 what is a fear of black people ? 
4 what country has the port of haifa ? 
3 what is the real name of the singer , madonna ? 
0 what makes a tornado turn ? 
3 who was the democratic nominee in the american presidential election ? 
1 jude law acted in which film ? 
5 how long does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ? 
1 what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ? 
3 what was football star elroy hirsch's nickname ? 
4 where is the massive north korean nuclear complex located ? 
3 who wrote the sci fi trilogy foundation , foundation and empire , and second foundation ? 
3 who was darth vader's son ? 
0 why are the u s presidential elections held in november ? 
3 what enigmatic u s vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the west ? 
4 what city is often called the insurance capital of the world ? 
5 what time of year has the most air travel ? 
5 how much did a mcdonald's hamburger cost in ? 
3 who created the world wide web , www ? 
0 how do you correctly say the word ` qigong ? 
1 what do you call a poker hand with five cards of the same suit ? 
5 what is the fare cost for the round trip between new york and london on concorde ? 
3 what major victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ? 
5 what year did montana become a state ? 
1 what are cigarettes made of ? 
1 what disease plagued europe , africa and asia ? 
0 how does cos cob , ct get its name ? 
0 what is a geoscientist ? 
3 who played the title role in the romantic englishwoman ? 
0 how do you measure earthquakes ? 
1 what wheel did blaise pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ? 
3 which glamorous actress is a close friend of dick tracy ? 
4 what lake in scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ? 
1 which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ? 
1 what letter appears on the cold water tap in spain ? 
0 what is the origin of the name katie ? 
5 what's men's par on a yard golf hole ? 
5 how much caffeine is in a oz cup of coffee ? 
3 who is the father of the computer ? 
5 how many gallons of water are there in a cubic foot ? 
5 what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ? 
3 what party was winston churchill a member of ? 
1 what race is , miles long ? 
1 what's a `` drinker respirator' better known as ? 
4 what are the largest libraries in the us ? 
3 what president's favorite biblical quotation was `` come now , and let us reason together' 
3 name the four horsemen of the apocalypse 
3 who was the president of vichy france ? 
0 what are the seven deadly sins ? 
3 who is the `` queen mother' ? 
3 in the movie groundshog day what is the name of the character played by andie macdowell ? 
3 who plays the cop in the movie `` kindergarten cop' ? 
1 what two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron covered ships ? 
5 when was christ born ? 
0 what happened to answers com ? 
0 what is nanotechnology ? 
1 what is the most expensive car in the world ? 
4 where is procter gamble headquartered in the u s ? 
0 what are the lyrics to `` smelly cat' ? 
4 what body of water does the yukon river empty into ? 
2 what is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ? 
5 how many colonies were involved in the american revolution ? 
3 who was confucius ? 
1 what are the top fiction books of all time ? 
1 what was the name of the protestant revolt against the supremacy of the pope ? 
0 how do they find an epicenter ? 
1 what interesting method was used to run the credits in the early popeye cartoons ? 
0 what is a firewall ? 
3 who is the prime minister of canada ? 
0 what's the last line of dickens's a christmas carol ? 
3 what business exports the sparkling wine spumante ? 
0 what is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ? 
0 what is a storm surge ? 
1 what famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of bugs moran's outfit ? 
1 name a film that has won the golden bear in the berlin film festival ? 
0 how does blood clot ? 
1 what film did louise fletcher win the best actress oscar for ? 
5 when did communist control end in hungary ? 
4 which country gave new york the statue of liberty ? 
1 what new games are available for nintendo ? 
0 what is a `` repeating voter' ? 
1 name a salt lake city newspaper 
4 where can i find a list of all the companies in america that offer a direct stock purchase plan ? 
3 who was the first vice president of the u s ? 
5 how many varieties of apple are there ? 
5 how long would it take to get from earth to mars ? 
0 what is the difference between a bottle and a jar ? 
5 what's the american dollar equivalent for pounds in the u k ? 
1 what are the wonders of the world ? 
1 what drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ? 
2 what does usps stand for ? 
4 where do apple snails live ? 
0 what do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ? 
1 what european race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ? 
1 what letter adorns the flag of rwanda ? 
0 why do horseshoes bring luck ? 
4 where is the biggest bell ? 
3 who was the first african american to play for the brooklyn dodgers ? 
3 what tv comediennes's characters include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs wiggins and a housewife named eunice ? 
4 what country's capital is lagos ? 
0 what is the definition of a witch ? 
0 how do i give a good massage ? 
3 who won the nobel peace prize in ? 
3 what was the business of the animated sky hawks ? 
5 what is the average life span for a chicken ? 
0 what are the benefits of home school ? 
0 why does a candle need a wick ? 
5 how long ago did the anglican church part from the vatican ? 
0 what is myopia ? 
4 where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ? 
0 why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn't ? 
3 what singer's hit song inspired the dolly parton stallone movie rhinestone ? 
1 what is a fear of insanity ? 
3 what doctor claimed in a book `` there is no such thing as a bad boy' ? 
3 who invented panties ? 
4 what was the tallest building in america in ? 
1 what is a fear of passing high objects ? 
1 what is the longest running television series ? 
3 what is dr ruth's last name ? 
4 where is the mason dixon line ? 
1 what are the signs of a country going into a recession ? 
1 ray charles is best known for playing what instrument ? 
5 how many jews were executed in concentration camps during wwii ? 
5 how large is the arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on alaska's north coast ? 
5 how many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ? 
0 how do they produce vitamins ? 
4 where is the rose bowl played ? 
0 what is zionism ? 
3 what are the residents of the island of lesbos called ? 
0 what is the half life of p ? 
3 what one of the backstreet boys are single ? 
0 what do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ? 
1 what animals can live the longest without food ? 
4 what city did the flintstones live in ? 
0 what is the design of the ship titanic ? 
1 what are some science fair projects for th graders ? 
0 what is foreclosure ? 
1 what sport is chris jogis a top player of ? 
0 why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ? 
3 who was america's first public enemy no ? 
5 how many people died because of a smoking problem in ? 
3 what is the name of the indian who became prime minister by beating mrs gandhi in the election ? 
0 what is `` chicago hope' ? 
1 what is the name of the game that garry kasparov plays ? 
5 how many calories are there in a big mac ? 
1 what is another name for nearsightedness ? 
4 what is the location of lake champlain ? 
1 what was hitler's favorite movie ? 
3 what american league baseball team's worst finish between and was fourth ? 
5 how many meters are in a mile ? 
1 name a flying mammal 
5 how many grammys did michael jackson win in ? 
0 what is a shaman ? 
5 how many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner's steeplechase water jump ? 
3 who was the first black golfer to tee off in the masters ? 
4 what hemisphere is the philippines in ? 
0 what is the english meaning of caliente ? 
3 who wrote the bestselling missionary travels and researches in south africa , published in ? 
3 who is the queen of holland ? 
1 what is the birthstone for june ? 
3 who was the star of leave it to beaver ? 
3 who was the first woman killed in the vietnam war ? 
1 what is the name of the jewish alphabet ? 
1 what currency is used in australia ? 
1 name the men's cologne that is associated with the sea 
0 how does a glacier form ? 
5 how many colored squares are there on a rubik's cube ? 
1 where does your hair grow the fastest ? 
0 what is the definition of low island ? 
1 what two animals are specifically mentioned as being in noah's ark ? 
3 what future deer hunter portrayed annie hall's neurotic brother , duane ? 
5 how many propellers helped power the plane the wright brothers flew into history ? 
0 what is nicotine ? 
3 who is buried in the great pyramid of giza ? 
0 why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ? 
3 who advised listeners to `` see the u s a in your chevrolet' ? 
1 what j r r tolkien book features gimli as a central character ? 
1 what tv series featured neal , a martini drinking st bernard ? 
5 how many innings constitute an official baseball game ? 
5 what was the number of people that randy steven craft was convicted of killing ? 
4 the kentucky horse park is close to which american city ? 
1 name a golf course in myrtle beach 
0 how does a bill become law ? 
3 who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ? 
3 what u s president had brothers in law in the confederate army ? 
3 who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ? 
1 what is foot and mouth disease ? 
4 what state does charles robb represent ? 
5 when did muhammad live ? 
3 who replies `` i know' to princess leia's confession `` i love you' in the empire strikes back ? 
0 what is a `` node' in computer terms ? 
0 what must a las vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches ? 
1 what's the second most used murder weapon in the u s ? 
5 what day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ? 
5 what year did mussolini seize power in italy ? 
1 what do sailors use to measure time ? 
4 in what city is the famed st mark's square ? 
3 who was monet ? 
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ? 
0 what is a tonne ? 
5 how many votes in congress dissented from the declaration of war with japan ? 
1 what's bottled in jeroboams ? 
3 which of the following rock'n roll stars has a `` star' on hollywood boulevard ? 
4 the orange bowl is in what city ? 
3 who was the first us president to ride in an automobile to his inauguration ? 
5 what is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ? 
3 who invented `` the muppets' ? 
5 developing nations comprise what percentage of the world's population ? 
0 what is angiotensin ? 
3 what crooner joined the andrews sisters for pistol packin mama ? 
0 what is phenylalanine ? 
1 what's the tallest piece on a chessboard ? 
5 what year did the war of begin ? 
5 what was the last year that the chicago cubs won the world series ? 
1 what are super balls made of ? 
0 what is a disaccharide ? 
0 what is the difference between am radio stations and fm radio stations ? 
1 what did thomas paine write ? 
1 what common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ? 
3 who is robin williams ? 
1 what magazine paid ernest hemingway a word to write a bullfighting article ? 
5 how many people did randy craft murder ? 
2 what is the abbreviated expression for the national bureau of investigation ? 
1 what fowl grabs the spotlight after the chinese year of the monkey ? 
1 what italian liner was hijacked in ? 
1 what novel inspired the movie bladerunner ? 
1 madonna hocks which soft drink ? 
1 what are the first ten amendements passed ? 
5 when does menstruation begin ? 
5 when did they canonize the bible ? 
4 what island group is guadalcanal a part of ? 
3 what president was assassinated by charles j guiteau ? 
3 what are the first names of the famous husband and wife acting team of lunt and fontanne ? 
4 what countries have the largest areas of forest ? 
0 how do i contact answers com direct ? 
3 which u s a president appeared on `` laugh in' ? 
1 what word occurs , times in the bible ? 
0 what is a turnkey contract ? 
1 what is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ? 
4 what direction do the best surfing beaches face ? 
4 what state does martha stewart live in ? 
3 who thought he'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ? 
5 what is the speed hummingbirds fly ? 
5 how tall is the gateway arch in st louis , mo ? 
3 who was elected president of south africa in ? 
1 what organic fuel do bog dwellers use a `` slane' to cut ? 
1 what movie did steven spielberg direct in ? 
1 what was spawned the term `` mig alley' ? 
5 how many milliseconds in a second ? 
4 what country's capital is tirana ? 
0 what is meant by the term `` yield to maturity' in reference to bonds ? 
0 how can people from ireland come to the u s , work , and then return to ireland ? 
1 what is another name for vitamin b ? 
0 what do insects do through their spiracles ? 
3 who is dear abby ? 
5 how old was the youngest president of the united states ? 
4 what is the nickname of pennsylvania ? 
1 what is a fear of sinning ? 
5 how many mines can still be found in the falklands after the war ended ? 
0 how does the tail affect the flight of a kite ? 
4 what european country is home to the beer producing city of budweis ? 
5 how many penny farthings are there on a trivial pursuit game board ? 
3 what famous coach said `` if you can't beat'em in the alley , you can't beat'em on the ice' ? 
5 how much time does the blinking of an eye take ? 
1 what color is an arctic fox in winter ? 
5 how many three letter permutations can be made from the four letters c ? 
5 how deep is a fathom ? 
1 name the french historical period during the reign of napoleon iii 
4 what european capital celebrated its , th anniversary in ? 
3 who protects dc comics realm of dreams ? 
3 what two us biochemists won the nobel prize in medicine in ? 
5 how much does the president get paid ? 
1 what phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication the bigfoot news ? 
1 what type of hunting are retrievers used for ? 
1 what was the top box office movie in april ? 
1 what did , cd nns vbp to vb nnp pos nn 
1 what are some of the significant historical events of the s ? 
5 when did the dow first reach ? 
3 what organization was founded by the rev jerry falwell ? 
5 what age is benny carter ? 
1 what currency is used in algeria ? 
3 who was the author of `` john brown's body' ? 
5 how much will the california be in the year ? 
5 when did idaho become a state ? 
4 what are the twin cities ? 
5 when was the first stained glass window made ? 
1 what invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ? 
0 what is franz kafka's short story `` a country doctor' trying to tell us ? 
1 what are halloween's colors ? 
0 what didn't rocky marciano do in his pro boxing career ? 
5 how many of them are in sub saharan africa ? 
3 what tv family sometimes buys eclairs from nelson's bakery ? 
1 what predators exist on antarctica ? 
4 what country are you visiting if you land at president duvalier airport ? 
1 what civil war was fought between and ? 
4 where is the highest point in japan ? 
0 how can i find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my th grader ? 
0 why was washington , dc originally called district of columbia ? 
0 what is pulmonary fibrosis ? 
3 what was the christian name of the title character in our miss brooks ? 
1 what other name were the `` little rascals' known as ? 
3 who was ben casey's boss ? 
1 what's the most popular form of gambling with women in las vegas ? 
5 how many member states are in the un ? 
5 what date was dwight d eisenhower born ? 
5 how many innings are there in a regulation softball game ? 
0 what causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ? 
4 what is drew barrymore's email address ? 
1 what hour cold medicine uses the formula `` , , ' in its ads ? 
4 where did howard hughes die ? 
5 what is the atomic weight of silver ? 
4 where is natick ? 
4 name the country which honecker lived in 
1 what is the lowest level of the american judiciary ? 
0 what is fiber in food ? 
1 what color is the stripe along each side of a coho salmon ? 
0 what is the socratic method ? 
3 who were the head writers for the smothers brothers comedy hour ? 
0 what is severance pay ? 
3 what is a person called that likes fire ? 
4 what are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ? 
0 what are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy' ? 
1 what constitutes an adult ? 
0 what is a drought ? 
4 what is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ? 
0 what were the causes of the civil war ? 
4 what was einstein's birthplace ? 
1 aspartame is also called what ? 
0 what is power steering ? 
5 when did the american civil war end ? 
5 how tall is the giraffe ? 
3 who loved flash gordon besides dale ? 
4 when superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ? 
3 what jockey won triple crown races ? 
0 what are faults in the earth's crust ? 
1 what did tristan come back as ? 
4 where can i find up to date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along north america and the caribbean ? 
5 how long would it take for a savings bond to mature ? 
3 what english playwright penned `` where the bee sucks , so shall i' ? 
3 which member of charlie's angels sang vocals for josie and the pussycats ? 
1 what does caliente translate to in english ? 
5 how large is missouri's population ? 
3 what th century writer had a country estate on the hudson dubbed sunnyside ? 
0 how can i find online spelling ? 
5 what is the population of arcadia , florida ? 
5 when was the first steel mill in the united states built ? 
0 what are bear and bull markets ? 
3 who is known as `` the world's oldest teenager' ? 
1 what is a fear of touching ? 
1 what is the name of a salt lake city newspaper ? 
3 who is the prime minister of australia ? 
3 name the scar faced bounty hunter of the old west 
4 what country do the galapagos islands belong to ? 
1 what condiment do the dutch dip their french fries in ? 
4 what african capital is named for a u s president ? 
5 how much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in monopoly ? 
0 how does a parachute work ? 
0 what is butterfield in butterfield ? 
1 what tv show premiered on january , ? 
1 which type of submarine was bought recently by south korea ? 
0 what is `` dew point' ? 
1 what is a fear of women ? 
0 what are pediatricians ? 
1 what took first prize in omni magazine's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question' ? 
1 what is november's birthstone ? 
1 what materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ? 
5 how much would it cost to purchase a foot square party tent , with sides , ? 
1 what line of luggage is named after a famous american flier ? 
0 what is the origin of the peace symbol ? 
3 who developed the macintosh computer ? 
0 what is software piracy ? 
5 how fast is a mhz processor ? 
1 name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun ' 
4 what colorful sea's region does greek legend say the amazons lived near ? 
5 how many tenths of the earth's surface lie under water ? 
3 what are the only players eligible to score points in roller derby called ? 
3 what soviet leader owned a rolls royce ? 
1 what does a collier mine ? 
3 who runs andy capp's favorite pub ? 
3 who said `` old soldiers never die they just fade away' ? 
4 what is the nickname for the state of mississippi ? 
0 how does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ? 
3 name the tree growing company 
4 what's the capital of iowa ? 
4 what direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ? 
4 what were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ? 
0 how do you send a movie transcript to hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ? 
0 what are sunspots ? 
0 what does caliente mean , in english ? 
3 what king boycotted prince charles's wedding ? 
5 when was franklin d roosevelt stricken with polio ? 
5 how long does it take different materials to decompose ? 
1 what was cash conscious colonel edwin l drake the first to drill ? 
1 what is the fear of being loved ? 
1 what was the name of the plane lindbergh flew solo across the atlantic ? 
0 what is valentine's day ? 
4 what is the homelite inc home page ? 
3 who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in marvel comics ? 
5 what time of year is air travel the heaviest ? 
3 what famous communist leader died in mexico city ? 
1 what astronomical phenomenon takes place in jan ? 
4 where were the summer olympics held ? 
0 what does the word camaro mean , from the gm car the camaro ? 
5 when was hiroshima bombed ? 
1 what's the name of the tiger that advertises for frosted flakes cereal ? 
4 what are the biggest indian airports ? 
1 what is a fear of sleep ? 
3 what engineer invented the pull tab can ? 
4 where is the isle of man ? 
1 what is chiricahua the name of ? 
1 which is a real berry blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ? 
4 what two japanese cities are spelled with the letters k , o , o , t and y ? 
1 what animal do buffalo wings come from ? 
3 who earns their money the hard way ? 
1 what household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ? 
0 where did marijuana come from ? 
1 what element , from the periodic table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ? 
1 what is nero wolfe's favorite drink during office hours ? 
3 who spoke the only word in mel brooks's silent movie ? 
5 when did the art of quilting begin ? 
3 what new middle school was built in philadelphia , pennsylvania last year ? 
2 when reading classified ads , what does eenty other stand for ? 
0 what is dry ice ? 
0 what is the history of spartacus , the roman slave and gladiator ? 
3 who led the opposition when konrad adenauer was chancellor in germany ? 
5 what was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the u s since ? 
3 what record company was formed by herb alpert and jerry moss ? 
1 what are the conjugations of wake and woke ? 
3 who is considered the first lady of the american stage ? 
5 when was the women's suffrage amendment ratified ? 
2 what is the abbreviation of the company name ` general motors ? 
1 what is the mascot for notre dame university ? 
5 when did israel begin turning the gaza strip and jericho over to the plo ? 
1 what do humans catch zoonose diseases from ? 
1 what kind of weapons were used in medieval warfare ? 
1 what stephen sondheim ballad ends `` well , maybe next year ' ? 
0 why does sound travel quicker through water than air ? 
0 what's the setting of john le carre's a small town in germany ? 
4 where is the kentucky horse park ? 
5 what is the population of the united states ? 
3 what was the nickname of german flying ace manfred von richthofen ? 
5 how many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q i d ' ? 
1 what fossilizes to form coprolite ? 
0 what problems contributed to the high failure rate of plains farmers in the s ? 
0 what is a cartesian diver ? 
1 what sport was the first televised in the u s ? 
0 how do you recognize anorexia ? 
5 how many people in the world speak french ? 
0 why do the chickenpoxs last so long ? 
3 what was the name of the director of the movie `` jaws' ? 
5 the film `` jaws' was made in what year ? 
5 how many sides does a heptagon have ? 
2 what does ioc stand for ? 
1 what is your favorite color ? 
5 what is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ? 
3 who invented the lawnmower ? 
0 what is jane goodall famous for ? 
0 what is the filmmakers collabrative ? 
0 how do you become a dentist ? 
0 what is a wart ? 
5 what season is the setting for shakespeare's midsummer night's dream ? 
0 what is bandwidth ? 
5 how many pairs of legs does a lobster have ? 
5 how many years did shea gould practice law in los angeles ? 
0 what causes rust ? 
1 what did louis cartier invent for aviator santos dumont in ? 
5 how many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ? 
5 how old was george washington when he died ? 
5 how much did the first barbie doll sell for in ? 
3 who wrote unsafe at any speed ? 
4 what country did the romans call hibernia ? 
1 a corgi is a kind of what ? 
0 how does a copier work ? 
1 what jewish holiday saw the start of the mideast war ? 
3 what world war ii leader declared `` the blow has been struck' ? 
5 how many consecutive baseball games did lou gehrig play ? 
3 who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ? 
5 how much iron is in your body ? 
0 what is the origin of thank you notes ? 
0 what is mold ? 
4 what river runs through colorado , kansas , and oklahoma ? 
1 what is the brand name of daminozide ? 
5 what is the probability that at least out of people will have the same birthday ? 
1 what does a resurrectionist steal ? 
1 what is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ? 
4 where are the austerlitz and victor hugo subway stops ? 
3 what president was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the hudson river at hyde park , new york ? 
0 what is ` last chance for animals ? 
3 what costume designer decided that michael jackson should only wear one glove ? 
1 what is glass made of ? 
0 how can i find out my moon sign ? 
1 what is a movie that kevin costner made about sioux indians ? 
5 how many people did randy craft kill ? 
0 what is hebephrenia ? 
1 what do bats eat ? 
3 who killed jfk ? 
5 what debts did qintex group leave ? 
4 in what u s state was the first woman governor elected ? 
0 what causes headaches ? 
5 the olympic games in which year allowed nadia comaneci to become popular ? 
5 how old was stevie wonder when he signed with motown records ? 
0 how do you stop junk snail mail ? 
5 how many airline schools are there in the u s ? 
0 what's the difference between tft and dual scan display ? 
5 what is the average weight of a yellow labrador ? 
5 on which date is the ukrainians christmas ? 
1 what did british companies stick , tons of tea into in ? 
5 how much electricity does the brain need to work ? 
3 what asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of ? 
5 how far can a human eye see ? 
1 what film won frank sinatra a best supporting actor oscar ? 
0 what are the rules to `` snow golf' ? 
0 how can i find out my biorhythm ? 
5 when was the bar code invented ? 
3 what tv comedian worked with white fang , black tooth and pookie the lion ? 
3 who was the prophet of the muslim people ? 
4 what two countries coastlines border the bay of biscay ? 
1 what language is mostly spoken in brazil ? 
2 what is dsl ? 
3 what mystery writer penned `` the glory that was greece , and the grandeur that was rome' ? 
0 what was archy , and mehitabel ? 
1 what powdered soft drink mix went into space ? 
1 how do you say , `` i love you' in other languages ? 
1 what carries sperm up into the pelvic region ? 
3 what was the name of humphrey bogart's club in casablanca ? 
1 what was the first video ever made ? 
3 what honeymooners actress did television magazine name as 's most promising star ? 
2 what does iq stand for ? 
4 what gate opened on east and west berlin ? 
3 what wild and crazy guy wrote a book called cruel shoes ? 
5 how many quarters equal a pound ? 
0 how can you be happy ? 
4 what is the highest dam in the u s ? 
3 name dondi's adoptive grandfather 
0 how is cologne made ? 
0 what is the `` coppertop' battery ? 
0 what are the low countries ? 
3 who are the presidents of mexico and indonesia ? 
1 what is a fear of gravity ? 
0 what are values ? 
0 what are the arabic numerals from to ? 
5 how many muscles does an oyster have ? 
4 where can i get cotton textiles importer details ? 
3 who was the lyricist and who was the composer between gilbert and sullivan ? 
4 what tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ? 
4 what u s state is fort knox in ? 
5 what is the quantity of american soldiers still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ? 
2 what does nn o `` mean when used as a prefix in irish surnames ? 
1 what is chronic constipation a symptom of ? 
3 what italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ? 
5 when did mount st helen last have a major eruption ? 
0 what is the origin of a m and p m ? 
4 what city boasts penn's landing , on the banks of the delaware river ? 
4 where is romania located ? 
3 who discovered electricity ? 
4 what european country boasts the city of furth , found where the rivers rednitz and pegnitz converge ? 
5 what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ? 
5 how many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ? 
5 how many sonnets did shakespeare write ? 
0 what are the environmental influences on plant genetics ? 
1 what is the taj majal made of ? 
3 who portrayed prewett in from here to eternity ? 
0 how can i get a cct diagram ? 
3 who is the fastest swimmer in the world ? 
3 who was nicknamed the little corporal ? 
5 how many horses died during the civil war ? 
4 where can i get a photograph of professor randolph quirk ? 
3 name one of king henry viii's wives 
1 the trials resulting from world war ii are known as what ? 
4 where did he get the title ? 
1 what instrument did glenn miller play ? 
1 what does final four refer to in the sports world ? 
5 when is st patrick's day ? 
3 what actor starred in 's blue lagoon , 's the pirate movie and 's a night in heaven ? 
1 what film ends with the line `` this is mrs norman maine' ? 
5 in what year did they build the berlin wall ? 
1 what is a fear of food ? 
1 what muhammad ali maneuver was george foreman the first victim of ? 
1 what measures did clinton take to avoid the draft ? 
2 what does nasdaq stand for ? 
1 what does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ? 
1 what are the three animals in sheila burnford's the incredible journey ? 
4 where on the internet can i find a song lyrics database similar to the international lyrics server ? 
3 name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies 
3 which ventura county police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it's history ? 
4 what country did the nile river originate in ? 
1 in which sport is there a `` scrum' ? 
1 what war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners cap trafalgar and the carmania ? 
0 what is the origin of the word `` tampon' ? 
0 what did the only repealed amendment to the u s constitution deal with ? 
4 the kentucky horse park is located near what city ? 
3 name the u s senate majority leader and the speaker of the house 
3 who was in death of a salesman original movie , not ? 
0 how does the nintendo `` zapper' work ? 
0 what is the meaning of w b yeat's poem , `` the three hermits ?' 
0 how did p t barnum bill the diminutive charles s stratton ? 
3 whose cover is that of an employee of universal import and export ? 
5 when was the first barbie produced ? 
4 what is the name of the highest mountain in africa ? 
3 who portrayed etta place , companion to butch cassidey and the sundance kid ? 
5 how many cities are there in utah ? 
1 what is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ? 
5 when did french revolutionaries storm the bastille ? 
5 when is a woman most fertile ? 
0 how do you get to the top of the eiffel tower ? 
1 what was franklin roosevelt's program for economic recovery called during the great depression ? 
1 what is dudley do right's horse's name ? 
3 what's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` galloping gourmet' ? 
1 what line divided the north and south in the u s civil war ? 
5 what are the lengths of pearl necklaces ? 
1 what is the most common kind of skin cancer in the u s ? 
2 what is ioc an abbreviation of ? 
3 what chilean president was killed in a coup d'etat ? 
5 how fast must a spacecraft travel to escape earth's gravity ? 
3 what cigar chewing comedian observed `` you're only as old as the woman you feel' ? 
0 what is deconstructionism ? 
5 what is the regular price ? 
5 how long does it take to travel from tokyo to niigata ? 
5 how many times has `` louie , louie' been recorded ? 
5 in what year did ireland elect its first woman president ? 
0 why does the moon turn orange ? 
1 what color are tennis balls ? 
1 what is the plural of gulf ? 
0 how do you look up criminal records on the internet ? 
3 who is desmond tutu ? 
4 what is website of the international court of justice ? 
5 how many species of the great white shark are there ? 
1 what ill fated craft was captained by ernst lehmann ? 
0 what is color ? 
0 what makes sperm ? 
3 the major league baseball team in pittsburgh is called what ? 
0 what is a caul ? 
3 what nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ? 
1 what is the west virginia state animal ? 
1 what blood sport features a movement called a veronica ? 
5 how many miles is it to ohio from north carolina ? 
3 whose husbands have included conrad hilton jr , and michael wilding ? 
5 how many vietnamese were there in the soviet union ? 
5 what are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ? 
3 who did dita beard work for ? 
5 how big is a baby bald eagle ? 
1 what color are seven of every houses in the u s ? 
3 what major airline has the best safety record in the world ? 
0 why was curious george curious ? 
4 what is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the u s right now ? 
1 what is a research expedition in mountain climbing ? 
0 what are the cookies in internet ? 
1 which language has the most words ? 
5 what's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch `'the simpsons ? 
1 what is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ? 
4 where did the name daniel originate ? 
4 where are zebras most likely found ? 
4 what is the capital of california ? 
5 when was the triangle shirtwaist fire ? 
5 how many elephants are left on earth ? 
5 when did the hindenberg crash ? 
0 how do chickens have baby chicks ? 
0 describe the finnish music personality salonen's appearance 
3 what female suspect in the game of clue is single ? 
3 which of the following tv newsmen was a rhodes scholar ? 
0 why is the development of space so important ? 
1 what is the folklore story regarding birds nests and birds in christmas trees ? 
5 how many types of cheese are there in france ? 
0 what was the chivington massacre ? 
3 who betrayed norway to the nazis ? 
1 what color are the castellated walls of the kremlin ? 
3 who received the will rogers award in ? 
1 what is the jewish bible called ? 
5 when was microsoft established ? 
4 what bay divides maryland's eastern and western shores ? 
1 what is an example of a natural acid base indicator ? 
3 what british monarch's lap did p t barnum's tom thumb sit in ? 
0 describe the long march 
0 what causes an earthquake ? 
3 who invented the pull tab opener on cans ? 
0 what is a cake of soap ? 
5 how many objects orbit the earth ? 
0 how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin cells ? 
3 who is westview high's band director in funky winkerbean ? 
3 which one of the original seven mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury flights ? 
1 what nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the people it sank with ? 
3 what manufacturers are there in texas ? 
3 what is the viking prince's first name ? 
1 what tv series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at silver springs , florida ? 
0 what is a mathematical factor ? 
4 what country covers , , square miles ? 
0 what is greek pita ? 
3 who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ? 
0 what is shalom ? 
1 what broadway musical was inspired by cervantes's don quixote ? 
5 what's the population of biloxi , mississippi ? 
4 what is the most useful site on the internet ? 
1 what product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ? 
1 what color is chablis ? 
3 what actor came to dinner in guess who's coming to dinner ? 
3 who commanded the french forces at the battle of orleans ? 
4 in what county is eckley colorado ? 
0 what are some children's rights ? 
1 what's a craps player called ? 
4 where is logan airport ? 
4 what texas city got its name from the spanish for `` yellow' ? 
3 who is the president of bolivia ? 
3 who was the rd president of the united states ? 
0 in my antonia , how is mr shimerda out of place on the farm ? 
3 what radio , tv and movie character did jackie gleason and william bendix play ? 
5 how many cards is each player dealt in contract bridge ? 
3 who won the superbowl in ? 
1 what was the education system in the 's ? 
1 what was the monster in spielberg's film `` jaws' ? 
1 what jules verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine nautilus ? 
4 what was the only country you were allowed to drive into israel from in ? 
1 what was president lyndon johnson's reform program called ? 
3 what th century painter died in the marquesas islands ? 
1 what animal migrates the farthest ? 
0 what is the origin of music ? 
4 what southwestern state is dubbed the silver state ? 
3 what president's ghost is said to haunt the white house ? 
1 what does it take to become a lawyer ? 
3 who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ? 
3 what actress's autobiography is titled shelley also known as shirley ? 
3 who headed hitler's infamous gestapo ? 
3 who was abraham lincoln ? 
1 what became the biggest cash crop in the u s in , surpassing corn ? 
0 what is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite' ? 
3 what group asked the musical question do you believe in magic ? 
0 what is the definition of a cascade ? 
4 what new york city structure is also known as the twin towers ? 
0 what is sinn fein ? 
0 what does a red flag mean in auto racing ? 
1 what color flies closest to the staff on belgium's flag ? 
4 what are the names of the tourist attractions in reims ? 
0 what is a devo hat ? 
3 what organization's offices were broken into at watergate in ? 
3 who invented astroturf ? 
1 what color are a cherry tree's flowers ? 
0 how do they raise the cranes when building high rise buildings ? 
0 where did the term fireplug come from ? 
0 what is the origin of boxing day ? 
0 what does melissa mean ? 
5 how often are quadruplets born ? 
3 what california governor said `` inaction may be the highest form of action' ? 
0 what is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ? 
0 what is the secret of the universe ? 
1 what sport features snatches and clean jerks ? 
1 what tv show chronicled the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley ? 
3 what famed clown appeared on an early howdy doody show and insisted that clarabell be made up as a real clown ? 
4 what country is proud to claim volcano national park ? 
0 what is hyperopia ? 
3 what was thatcher's first name ? 
3 who were the five marx brothers ? 
5 in what year did the us marine corps adopt the motto `` semper fidelis' ? 
5 how many flavors does baskin robbins offer ? 
0 how does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ? 
4 what rocky mountain ridge separates north america's eastward and westward flowing rivers ? 
5 what is the date of boxing day ? 
3 what is the name of actor rex harrison's son , who starred in a modestly popular tv show during the late 's ? 
0 what does the number on the rolling rock beer bottle mean ? 
3 what actor and world war ii airman had a , bounty put on his head by hermann goering ? 
5 how many leos have been pope ? 
0 what function does a community's water tower serve ? 
1 what is a synonym for aspartame ? 
0 how can i get started in writing for television ? 
1 what is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ? 
3 who killed kurt cobain ? 
3 what well known tv talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ? 
4 what is the capital of mongolia ? 
1 what food did marco polo introduce into italy from the court of kubla khan ? 
4 what is the largest natural lake in pennsylvania ? 
0 how can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ? 
0 how can i find a phone number of someone if i only know their email address ? 
0 what is win rah ? 
3 who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego county ? 
4 where did the sport of caber tossing originate ? 
3 what famous british actor lost his voice after an operation in ? 
3 what was darth vader's son named ? 
0 what did the confederate constitution say about slavery ? 
0 from what cause does tuberculosis stem ? 
0 what is semolina ? 
5 what year did the first issue of `` playboy' come out ? 
5 how fast does the fastest car go ? 
5 what is the date of bastille day ? 
5 how many people died in the vietnam war ? 
5 hitler came to power in germany in what year ? 
3 what does larry king do for a living ? 
0 what is the meaning of jesus ? 
3 what british general surrendered to the colonial army at saratoga ? 
5 what does each of the utilities cost in monopoly ? 
4 what was the former residence of scottish kings in edinburgh ? 
2 what does nasa stand for ? 
0 what is dew point ? 
1 what is dr seuss most popular book ? 
4 what erupts every hour at yellowstone national park ? 
5 when did cnn go on the air ? 
5 how often does old faithful erupt at yellowstone national park ? 
1 in what sport are these following numbers relevant , , , , , , , , and ? 
4 where is the thomas edison museum ? 
4 where is hearst castle , built by publisher william randolph hearst ? 
5 what is average salary of restaurant manager in united states ? 
1 what are the plagues of egypt ? 
4 where do hyenas live ? 
5 how far away is the moon ? 
1 what animal received royal assent as an emblem of canada on march , ? 
5 how many liberty bells have there been ? 
4 what's the farthest planet from the sun ? 
3 what king is satirized in the line `` the king was in the countinghouse , counting all his money' ? 
1 what is the shape of a football as stated in the nfl rulebook ? 
1 what drink is the best thirst quencher ? 
4 where is the smithsonian institute located ? 
0 what is the history of skateboarding ? 
1 what english word has the most letters ? 
3 what u s general was court martialled for criticizing american air power ? 
3 who is the director and editor of the movie big starring tom hanks ? 
0 what is betsy ross famous for ? 
4 what is the capital of kosovo ? 
0 what does the name billie mean ? 
5 what is president nixon's birthdate ? 
3 who recorded the hit tammy ? 
1 what was george washington afraid of ? 
1 what drink contains as many types of rum as possible ? 
4 what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ? 
1 what did san francisco's milt harper grow that measured inches from tip to tip in ? 
4 what is the homelite inc home page ? 
4 what is the name of the largest city in chile , south america ? 
3 what daughter of henry viii and anne boleyn became queen of england ? 
0 how can your school march in the macy's thanksgiving parade ? 
0 how can you tell if someone is lying ? 
0 why do they call it a `` funny bone' ? 
5 how many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ? 
1 what lewis carroll book introduced humpty dumpty to the world ? 
4 where is the eiffel tower ? 
5 what are the odds of giving birth to twins ? 
1 what are the articles of the constitution ? 
0 what is the nursery rhyme rock a by baby about ? 
3 what author landed a pound marlin without harness in the early 's ? 
5 when did the supercontinent pangaea break up ? 
4 what was the first country to put a second woman in space ? 
3 what group kidnaped patricia hearst ? 
0 what is the difference between a college and a university ? 
3 what is larry king's occupation ? 
1 what five cards make up a perfect cribbage hand ? 
0 what is a transistor ? 
4 what is the largest office block in the world ? 
4 what state is the geographic center of the lower states ? 
1 what are different products of petroleum ? 
5 when did nostradamus believe world war iii would begin ? 
4 what square is the geographical center of london ? 
1 what is the chemical composition of a barbie ? 
4 what state is john f kennedy buried in ? 
3 which u s president is buried in washington , d c ? 
3 what is jimmy olsen's full name ? 
1 which is the most used computer program ? 
1 what kind of education do i need to become a flight attendant ? 
1 what hymn did john steinbeck get his title the grapes of wrath from ? 
3 who is king in alley oop's home of moo ? 
1 what did the gas house gang play ? 
3 who moderated the first kennedy nixon tv debate ? 
1 what do you get by adding lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ? 
3 who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor' ? 
0 what is the motto for the state of maryland ? 
5 how many people watch network television ? 
3 who is the owner of cnn ? 
4 where could i go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ? 
3 who were the only two bald u s presidents ? 
0 why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ? 
5 when was the congress of vienna ? 
4 what russian city boasts the hermitage museum ? 
0 what is colin powell best known for ? 
0 what's the red planet ? 
4 what continent's name appears on the upper left corner of a budweiser label ? 
3 who created the character james bond ? 
1 what is the best brand for a laptop computer ? 
0 what is the kashmir issue ? 
0 what is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ? 
5 what year did the andy griffith show begin ? 
0 why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ? 
4 what countries have the highest ratio of university students ? 
5 how long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter bankruptcy ? 
1 what is a fear of disease ? 
3 what actress has received the most oscar nominations ? 
5 how old is the italian artist maurizio pellegrin ? 
4 where does dew come from ? 
4 what's the tallest building in new york city ? 
3 who was the first person to reach the north pole ? 
3 who were the four famous founders of united artists ? 
1 what's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ? 
1 what was the name of that popular song the creeps sang ? 
3 who is section manager for guidance and control systems at jpl ? 
3 who painted mother and child ? 
3 who did arthur h bremer try to assassinate on may , ? 
1 which soft drink does madonna advertise for ? 
0 why did several san diego schools stop serving apples to students ? 
0 how do i find out about jobs ? 
3 who accompanied space ghost on his missions ? 
3 name of heroine in `` scruples' ? 
5 what amount of money did the philippine ex dictator marcos steal from the treasury ? 
1 what is the most commonly used letter word in the english language ? 
0 what happened to phillip taylor kramer ? 
5 what's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ? 
1 what was the name of the horse that fell on queen elizabeth , prince albert's wife ? 
5 how many varieties of twins are there ? 
1 which of many numbered vats of scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in ? 
4 what do we call the imaginary line along the top of the rocky mountains ? 
3 what english queen had six fingers on one hand ? 
1 what is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ? 
4 on what avenue is the original saks department store located ? 
1 what grace metalious novel was on the best seller list for two years ? 
5 how many major nazi leaders went on trial after the war at nuremberg ? 
3 what occupation has the highest divorce rate ? 
1 what is state tree of nebraska ? 
1 what is the name of the kids show from canadian public tv with the singing pineapple ? 
4 where are diamonds mined ? 
5 what's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ? 
3 who wrote `` poems are made by fools like me but only god can make a tree' ? 
5 how many dots make up the symbol for `` because' ? 
1 what was the most popular toy in ? 
3 what is nathan hamill's role in the new star wars prequel ? 
3 who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ? 
0 what is supernova ? 
5 when was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ? 
1 what determines the value of the pearl ? 
1 what currency does luxembourg use ? 
3 who is the current un secretary general ? 
5 when was the first stamp issued ? 
5 how many fiddlers did old king cole have ? 
5 what date is boxing day ? 
3 what argentine revolutionary fought with castro and died in bolivia in may , ? 
0 what makes popcorn pop ? 
3 what kind of women gave sigmund freud erotic dreams ? 
3 what longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in central park in ? 
1 what whisky is `` known by the company it keeps' ? 
0 why did the world enter a global depression in ? 
4 what ocean surrounds the maldive islands ? 
5 how many were in attendance at the last supper ? 
0 where did the saying `` rule of thumb' come from ? 
1 what's the most common non contagious disease in the world ? 
1 what do chefs call the master spice ? 
0 what was al capone finally imprisoned for , in ? 
4 what peruvian city is home to the mummified body of francisco pizarro ? 
5 what is the wingspan of a condor ? 
0 how do boats float ? 
0 what does `` e pluribus unum' on the penny mean ? 
0 how do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? will bee eggs remain over winter ? 
3 who asked the musical question `` have you ever been to electric lady land ?' 
5 how long do flies live ? 
1 what's approaching when a cyclist shouts `` oil' ? 
1 what tragedy befell the city of dogtown in ? 
1 what kind of animal is babar ? 
3 who directed citizen kane ? 
4 what country was mikhail gorbachev the leader of ? 
0 why do airliners crash vs gliding down ? 
5 what year did the united states abolish the draft ? 
3 who produces spumante ? 
4 in what country is a stuck out tongue a friendly greeting ? 
4 name a civil war battlefield 
0 what is the origin of u s army sergeant's stripes ? 
5 when were william shakespeare's twins born ? 
5 how much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ? 
1 what sports event is meyer wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in the great gatsby ? 
4 what is the highest waterfall in the united states ? 
0 what is the origin of infinity ? 
5 what is judy garland's date of birth ? 
0 what are the words to `` my way' written by paul anka ? 
3 what singer sings `` oh boy' ? 
3 what new york yankee was known as the iron horse ? 
0 what does hazmat stand for ? 
1 what's the second biggest selling magazine in america ? 
5 how long has l l cool j been married ? 
0 how is paraguay for vacations ? 
4 what are the ten safest american cities for pedestrians ? 
1 what game does garry kasparov play ? 
1 what movie did madilyn kahn star in with gene wilder ? 
0 what does a nihilist believe in ? 
3 what is the name of dolly parton's rarely seen husband ? 
5 how many layers of yellow paint is a faber mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ? 
1 what does salk vaccine prevent ? 
3 what college football team did knute rockne build into a power ? 
0 what are amphibians ? 
1 what is the primary language in iceland ? 
4 what country buys percent of the world's tea exports ? 
4 what north american city would you visit to see cleopatra's needle ? 
4 what country is the origin of the band the creeps ? 
0 what is osteoporosis ? 
3 what relative of leo tolstoy translated war and peace eight times ? 
0 why do people in the upper peninsula of michagin say `` eh ?' ? 
3 name of scholar on whose literal translations from the chinese and japanese ezra pound depended ? 
3 who is terrence malick ? 
0 what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ? 
0 what does the name `` sheri' mean ? 
3 who wrote the book , `` the grinch who stole christmas' ? 
5 how many people lived in nebraska in the mid s ? 
4 where did dylan thomas die ? 
4 what's the most common street name in america ? 
3 what are the characters names in the scooby doo cartoon ? 
3 name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency 
0 what did fcc chairman newton minow declare tv to be on may , ? 
5 how many years did sleeping beauty sleep ? 
0 why is microsoft's windows such a successful computer program ? 
5 how many people died on south carolina highways in ? 
4 where is one's corpus callosum found ? 
1 what do i call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ? 
3 name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by nancy and chuck 
1 what is the recipe for eggs benedict ? 
3 who played the title role in i was a teenage werewolf ? 
5 what is the world record for the longest hair ? 
0 what is the `` fourth dimension' ? 
3 who died with more than , u s patents to his credit ? 
1 what does a barometer measure ? 
0 how do you clean an lcd monitor screen ? 
4 what city is also known as `` the gateway to the west' ? 
3 what mustachioed comedian portrayed frankie in north to alaska ? 
2 what is the correct way to abbreviate cc at the bottom of a business letter ? 
0 what is the medical condition of hypertension ? 
3 which is the only dick tracy villain to appear three times ? 
4 where can i find examples of legal cases about the individuals with disabilities education act ? 
0 how can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ? 
1 what events happened january , ? 
5 how big is the electoral college ? 
3 who were the `` filthiest people alive ?' 
1 what is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ? 
0 what is `` the washed vodka' ? 
1 which airplane was fawaz younis convicted of hijacking ? 
5 what is the airport code for los angeles international ? 
1 what line of candy products included super skrunch and peanut butter oompas ? 
5 what is the per capita income of colombia , south america ? 
4 what country imposed the berlin blockade in ? 
3 who are woody woodpecker's niece and nephew ? 
5 how many seats does the batmobile sport ? 
1 what soft drink first appeared in the old corner drug store in waco , texas , in ? 
5 what was the average life expectancy during the stone age ? 
5 how big is a normal size penis for a year old ? 
5 how much did mercury spend on advertising in ? 
1 what is the longest major league baseball winning streak ? 
1 what is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ? 
0 what was the filling in the first golf balls ? 
1 what film featured a snarly character named kid shelleen ? 
5 how many miles is it from frankfurt , germany to salzburg , austria ? 
0 what is the gay science ? 
1 what kind of dog was toto in the wizard of oz ? 
3 name the ranger who was always after yogi bear 
1 what is after death ? 
3 who plays shortstop for charlie brown's baseball team ? 
5 in what year did the bounty mutiny happen ? 
1 which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away' ? 
0 what are manifest and latent function theories ? 
4 where is the world championship sled dog race held each february ? 
3 who is the voice of miss piggy ? 
0 why do pharmacists work on raised floors ? 
1 what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc ? 
0 what is white chocolate ? 
1 what did the pyramid builders of egypt mainly eat ? 
5 how high is the city of denver ? 
1 what is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ? 
3 who was secretary of state during the nixon administration ? 
3 who discovered radium ? 
1 what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ? 
0 what is meant by blood sed rate ? 
5 how many rings are there on a five zone archery target ? 
3 what louisiana senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ? 
3 what was j f k 's wife's name ? 
5 what is the murder rate in windsor , ontario ? 
0 what are snowballs to a hot rodder ? 
1 what was introduced commercially by bayer a g of leverkusen , in ? 
5 independent silversmith's account for what percentage of silver production ? 
4 what u s city is known as the rubber capital of the world ? 
1 which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men' ? 
1 what album put the beatles on the cover of time in ? 
5 what year was the atm first introduced ? 
3 who invented make up ? 
4 where did the ukulele originate ? 
1 what does the peugeot company manufacture ? 
0 how do i legally make my own will and testament ? 
0 what is a pig in a poke ? 
1 what are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ? 
1 what beer tells us , `` grab all the gusto you can get ' ? 
0 what are tonsils for ? 
0 what are the words to the canadian national anthem ? 
5 of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` the simpsons' ? 
3 what baseball player was walked the most times ? 
2 what does the abbreviation aids stand for ? 
4 which one of the great lakes is entirely within u s territory ? 
3 what detective lives on punchbowl hill and has children ? 
1 what is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ? 
5 how many colors are there in a rainbow ? 
1 what are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ? 
4 what does the river seine empty into ? 
3 name the marvel team loosely based on dc's justice league of america ? 
5 what is the elevation of st louis , mo ? 
0 what else has the swastika stood for ? 
0 what is a thyroid ? 
3 what u s vice president once declared `` if you've seen one slum , you've seen them all' ? 
3 what comedian created a punch drunk pugilist named cauliflower mcpugg ? 
0 what is the aim c phoenix ? 
0 how do anti locking brakes work ? 
0 what is the cause of endangered species ? 
1 what is times sweeter than cane sugar ? 
0 what is the feudal system ? 
1 in beetle bailey , can you name sarge's dog ? 
3 who has won the most super bowls ? 
5 how many continents are there ? 
5 how big is our galaxy in diameter ? 
1 what's the most powerful card in euchre ? 
4 where is john wayne airport ? 
0 what are capers ? 
5 boxing day is celebrated on what date ? 
4 what is the oldest city in the united states ? 
0 what is margaret thatcher known for ? 
3 what comedienne calls her sister in law captain bligh and her mother in law moby dick ? 
0 how does general mills manufacture cheerios ? 
0 what caused shea gould to close their l a office ? 
0 what does the greek word polis mean , as in minneapolis ? 
1 what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones's from here to eternity ? 
5 how many disks does each player have in a four handed game of crokinole ? 
5 when was the first kidney transplant ? 
3 which of the following did not receive a `` outstanding mother award' from the national mother's day committee ? 
5 how many different kinds of ice cream are there ? 
3 who is coronado ? 
1 what are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born child in judaism called ? 
4 where's the petrified forest ? 
0 what was the importance of magellan ? 
0 what is the difference between a preface and a foreword ? 
4 where is inoco based ? 
4 what's the fifth largest country in the world ? 
4 what were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ? 
5 what ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ? 
5 what is the speed of the mississippi river ? 
0 what is the origin of `` barbeque' ? 
0 what is the difference between molecules and compounds ? 
3 who held the endurance record for women pilots in ? 
3 who was the star witness at the senate watergate hearings ? 
0 what excuse did the nato people give for hitting the chinese embassy ? 
3 what was the name of the s irish terrorist group in pennsylvania mining areas ? 
3 who were the oscar winners ? 
1 what is a ball that hits the foul pole called ? 
4 what european city do nicois live in ? 
0 how is the word ` qigong pronounced ? 
4 what country did king gustav v reign over from to ? 
3 who is the prophet of the religion of islam ? 
0 what good are mosquitoes ? 
0 what is saltpeter ? 
3 what famous husband and wife team did radio ads for blue nun wine ? 
1 what's played at wembley stadium , london , every may ? 
0 what is a mexican hairless ? 
0 what is the history of the hairdryer ? 
4 what are the seven seas ? 
4 what is the web address of the list of e mail addresses of members of the house of representatives ? 
1 what's the most popular contact lens color ? 
0 how successful is arometherapy ? 
5 when were camcorders introduced in malaysia ? 
0 what is relative humidity ? 
5 what is the temperature for baking peachy oat muffins ? 
1 what color were their horses ? 
1 the jewish alphabet is known as what ? 
0 what was the reason for the partition of the anglican and vatican churches ? 
0 why does the sun shine only a short time in alaska ? 
4 what caribbean island is northeast of trinidad ? 
4 where did bocci originate ? 
1 name an american made motorcycle 
1 what is maryland's state bird ? 
3 who was the first u s president to appear on tv ? 
1 what are the colors of the german flag ? 
4 what french seaport claims to be the home of wines ? 
4 which is the wealthiest country in the world ? 
5 how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ? 
1 what is natural gas composed of ? 
5 how many neurons are in the human brain ? 
0 how is digital audio used ? 
1 what ocean liner burned and sank in hong kong harbor ? 
0 what is a gas release event ? 
0 how is abigail arcane related to the villainous opponent of the swamp thing ? 
0 why is hockey so violent ? 
0 what happened in the city of dogtown in ? 
4 what city's theatrical district has been dubbed the roaring forties ? 
1 what caribbean cult did marcus garvey originate ? 
3 who is the incredible hulk in reality ? 
5 approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ? 
1 what is the fastest growing comic strip of all time ? 
4 what city was john f kennedy nominated for president in ? 
0 what should you yell to hail a taxi in madrid ? 
0 what does ouija mean ? 
4 what is the oldest website on the internet ? 
2 what is p m an abbreviation for , as in p m ? 
5 how many url extensions are there ? and what are they ? 
3 what father and son won the medal of honor ? 
0 what is the origin of the rock band led zeppelin's name ? 
0 what is the amish religion ? 
5 how tall is the matterhorn ? 
0 what is a common dolphin ? 
0 what is witch hazel ? 
0 what is the origin of the first name ` breony ? 
5 what number of american soldiers remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ? 
3 what name does the world know renaissance artist kyriakos theotokopoulos by ? 
3 what are the top colleges in the united states in the field of engineering ? 
3 who was the first person to study the stars ? 
0 what is a cullion ? 
0 what is paracetamol ? 
5 how many people own pets ? 
4 in what city does maurizio pellegrin now live ? 
3 name the blind sculptress in love with the fantastic four's thing 
5 when was the nfl established ? 
3 who is the son in law of sen everett dirkson who was also a senator in the' 's ? 
3 whose biography by maurice zolotow is titled shooting star ? 
3 what golfer has been called ohio fats and blobbo ? 
1 what nevil shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ? 
0 what is the meaning of caliente , in english , ? 
3 what's the most common name in nursery rhymes ? 
5 what is columbia tristar's phone number ? 
5 when did aldous huxley write , `` brave new world' ? 
1 what is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ? 
3 which of the following celebrities was not born in philadelphia ? 
1 jude law was in what movie ? 
5 what are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ? 
2 what does jessica mean ? 
3 who invented the road traffic cone ? 
3 who sings the song `` drink to me with thine eyes' by ben johnson ? 
3 who invented the moog synthesizer ? 
1 what plants are found in an estuary ? 
1 what deck of cards includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ? 
0 what is form drag ? 
5 how many cullions does a male have ? 
3 who succeeded nikita khrushchev as first secretary of the communist party ? 
0 what is the immaculate conception ? 
0 what are pathogens ? 
0 how do you ask a total stranger out on a date ? 
5 how much did a knight's armor weigh ? 
3 who was quetzalcoatl ? 
0 how do websites like yahoo and excite make money ? 
1 what is the criterion for being legally blind ? 
3 who took the toys donated for the doodyville orphans fund and kept them for himself ? 
3 what's the name of pittsburgh's baseball team ? 
0 what is diabetes ? 
3 what female faith healer wrote the inspirational book i believe in miracles ? 
3 what double talking `` professor' holds a doctorate in nothing ? 
1 what kind of a sports team is the wisconsin badgers ? 
2 what does the technical term isdn mean ? 
3 who is zebulon pike ? 
4 where were the summer olympics held ? 
1 what generation am i in ? 
5 how many countries watch mtv europe ? 
2 what does cpr stand for ? 
1 what is a fear of robbers ? 
5 how many acres in a mile ? 
5 how many movies has drew barrymore been in ? 
4 where did the battle of the bulge take place ? 
3 what is the most common name ? 
0 why is the sun yellow ? 
1 what is a group of frogs called ? 
3 who was ezra taft benson ? 
3 who was maria theresa ? 
1 what weapon is the mythological character apollo most proficient with ? 
1 what auto race was wilbur reed the first to win three times ? 
5 what is columbia tristar's phone number ? 
1 what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs !' ? 
4 where is the virtual desk reference ? 
0 what is acupuncture ? 
0 what is humidity ? 
0 what is the meaning of thalassemia ? 
0 what makes a clitoris sensitive ? 
0 what is meant by `` capital market' ? 
5 what is the depth of the nile river ? 
1 name the two mystical ravens odin has at his command 
3 who was galileo ? 
1 what four elements make up percent of the human body ? 
1 what is a fear of money ? 
3 what was called the world's largest department store ? 
1 what are john c calhoun and henry clay known as ? 
3 what two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ? 
3 name the various super teams to which the angel has belonged 
1 what is a fear of slime ? 
3 what tv detective did craig stevens play ? 
1 what war was fought by the spanish as far as the philippines ? 
0 why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ? 
1 what sport is played on the largest field ? 
5 how many months does a normal human pregnancy last ? 
5 how old is benny carter ? 
5 what year did wwii begin ? 
1 what did the crocodile swallow in peter pan ? 
0 what will happen when sodium is put in water ? 
0 why can't ostriches fly ? 
0 what is real time processing ? 
1 what molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ? 
1 what were popular songs and types of songs in the s ? 
0 what is compounded interest ? 
4 what planet has the strongest magnetic field of all the planets ? 
1 what flag flies over wake island ? 
3 name alvin's brothers 
5 what is the current population for these countries france , spain , italy , greece , austria , germany , switzerland , the netherlands ? 
4 in what city is the headquarters of sinn fein ? 
4 what ocean did the titanic sink in ? 
3 who is the leader of brunei ? 
4 what is the most important nation in the world , historically ? 
0 what was an `` asiento' ? 
0 how do i make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ? 
0 how do ouija boards work ? 
3 what does robin williams do ? 
0 what's the origin of the word ` news ? 
5 how deep is a fathom ? 
1 what was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ? 
3 what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in as liz chandler in tv's days of our lives ? 
5 how many gutenberg bibles are there ? 
4 where can i find a world atlas map online at no charge ? 
5 how many double word score spaces are there on a scrabble crossword game board ? 
5 what is the size of the largest akita ? 
3 what store claims to be the world's largest department store ? 
4 what u s state ends with a g ? 
3 what level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ? 
1 what do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ? 
3 what was eduard shevardnadze's job in the soviet union ? 
3 who invented the vacuum cleaner ? 
2 what does i v stand for ? 
5 when did princess diana and prince charles get married ? 
4 what are the largest deserts in the world ? 
4 what lake is the source of the white nile ? 
1 what gender is not allowed to vote in kuwait ? 
4 where is the mall of the america ? 
3 who sang the song `` hooked on a feeling' in the dancing baby episode of `` ally mcbeal' ? 
1 what does the technique called `` cold fusion' produce ? 
0 why is black the color of mourning in the west ? 
1 what household products are there for adult acne ? 
5 when did fraze get his first patent for the pull tab can ? 
3 what's the better known identity of john merrick , the noble ogre of victorian england ? 
5 when was the first wal mart store opened ? 
4 what's the most powerful country in the world ? 
4 where can i find a case on americans with disabilities act of ? 
4 what is the city in which maurizio pellegrin lives called ? 
1 what is new york's state bird ? 
5 how many school districts are there in the united states ? 
2 what does btu mean ? 
1 what's the international radio code word for the letter f ? 
4 where is the holland tunnel ? 
3 what french leader sold louisiana to the united states ? 
5 how many bends are there in a standard paper clip ? 
0 what is the origin of the word ozymandias ? 
3 who is the president of stanford university ? 
5 what is maurizio pellegrin's age ? 
4 what are the only two states that incorporate the confederate battle flag in their flags ? 
0 what was the first funk'n lata , brazilian group , success ? 
5 how much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ? 
0 how do i install a tile floor ? 
5 what is the world population as of today ? 
1 what trade did the th and th century portuguese hope to control between asia and europe ? 
0 what are dingoes ? 
5 how many cherubs are there on a trivial pursuit board ? 
3 who was the only u s president to wear a nazi uniform ? 
1 what is a fear of ruin ? 
3 what is the name of the woman who was with john belushi when he died ? 
4 in the papal court was forced to move from rome to where ? 
0 what are amaretto biscuits ? 
5 how many species of sharks are there ? 
1 what killed bob marley ? 
3 what united states president had dreamed that he was assassinated ? 
1 what will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ? 
3 who invented television ? 
5 when did world war i start ? 
4 what las vegas hotel burned in november , , with the loss of lives ? 
5 what year is etched on the gold medal of excellence from the paris exposition depicted on a can of campbell's tomato soup ? 
0 what is federal income tax ? 
0 what is `` vocal sampling' ? 
0 what do mormons believe ? 
3 who is the president of pergament ? 
0 why can't women serve in the navy on board submarines ? 
0 what did john hinckley do to impress jodie foster ? 
5 what is the probability that at least out of people will have the same birthday ? 
1 what ernest hemingway novel had the working title fiesta ? 
4 what country was sir edmund hillary born in ? 
1 what is the name of the islamic counterpart to the red cross ? 
5 what is martin luther king jr 's real birthday ? 
1 what creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc , ? 
0 where did the term `` ed' come from ? 
5 how many flavors of ice cream does howard johnson's have ? 
1 what color beans did the ancient romans refuse to eat ? 
1 what two body parts grow all your life ? 
1 what is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ? 
0 how can you define time ? 
0 what is ursa major ? 
4 where is natchitoches , louisiana ? 
5 how many home runs did babe ruth hit in his lifetime ? 
5 what is the exchange rate for australian to american money ? 
0 how does a hydroelectric dam work ? 
3 who created the comic strip , `` garfield' ? 
1 what tv series features the adventures of a married couple named jonathan and jennifer ? 
5 how many colors are there in a rainbow ? 
1 what were the achievements of richard nixon ? 
1 what was mel gibson's first movie ? 
0 what is main reason for that electric vehicles can't be popular nowadays ? 
3 who killed more people , hitler or stalin ? 
4 where are the busiest ports in the world ? 
0 how would i find the price of different organs that have been donated ? 
4 what are the five most expensive cities in the world ? 
3 what were babe ruth's christian names ? 
0 what is the purpose of a car bra ? 
1 what is the second hardest substance ? 
0 why is the word `` abbreviation' so long ? 
3 who did sara jane moore try to assassinate ? 
4 where can i find information on george bush ? 
3 who was shakespeare's moorish general ? 
1 name the operating system that runs on ibm compatible machines 
0 what are hook worms ? 
3 what college enlivens hanover , new hampshire ? 
1 what card suit originally represented the peasant class ? 
1 what are the various ways in which one can measure it user satisfaction level ? 
4 what country has declared one fifth of its territory off limits to russians ? 
0 what is carbon dioxide ? 
1 what movie has made the most money ? 
5 how far can a man travel in outer space ? 
1 what plant has the largest seed ? 
3 what spanish artist painted crucifixion ? 
4 what kentucky city calls itself the horse center of america ? 
5 how much salt is in the oceans ? 
5 in what year was the wall built ? 
1 what was the favorite sport of tom wolfe's the pump house gang ? 
3 which nba players had jersey number ? 
4 where is your corpus callosum ? 
5 how many miles are there between tel aviv , israel and memphis , tennessee ? 
2 what is ram in the computer ? 
5 what is the percentage of water content in the human body ? 
3 what chain store is headquartered in bentonville , arkansas ? 
5 what is the current ticket fare from from cairo to barbados ? 
5 when was dick clark born ? 
1 what are fingernails made of ? 
4 what country was the setting of you only live twice ? 
0 what is film noir ? 
1 what two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ? 
3 who were the picts ? 
1 what is the term for someone who hates mankind ? 
4 where do lobsters like to live ? 
1 what are the different types of plastic ? 
0 what is viscosity ? 
4 what are tourist attractions in reims ? 
3 who shot lee harvey oswald ? 
0 what does e mc mean ? 
4 where is perth ? 
4 which country did hitler rule ? 
0 what is a specimen of basidiomycetes ? 
4 what city gained renown for its pea soup fogs ? 
5 what's the first day of the week ? 
5 what is the gestation period for a cat ? 
3 what company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ? 
0 how do you box train a cat ? 
3 what famous comic strip character died of acne ? 
0 what is the executor in a will ? 
1 what were the first frozen foods ? 
0 why is the grass green ? 
0 how is the element strontium purified ? 
4 where did the inuits live ? 
1 what do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ? 
4 what city boasts the billingsgate fishmarket ? 
3 what actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of life ? 
4 kosovo is a province of what country ? 
1 what was the name of betty boop's dog ? 
0 what is so powerful about power bars ? 
4 what building built in contains miles of book shelves ? 
1 what is the name for clouds that produce rain ? 
3 who did the seven mules block for ? 
1 what rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ? 
0 what is a pyrotechnic display ? 
1 what soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ? 
4 where can stocks be traded on line ? 
1 what is a fear of sourness ? 
4 what california bridge was don brown the first to cross , on may , ? 
0 hazmat stands for what ? 
3 which king signed the magna carta ? 
1 what did the chinese emperor present to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ? 
5 what was the date of iraq's invasion of kuwait ? 
2 what does the number `` ' stand for on fubu clothing ? 
3 which high schools are included in the south florida ice hockey league ? 
4 what river flows between fargo , north dakota and moorhead , minnesota ? 
4 where can i find lyrics for r b ? 
0 what are some fun things to do in cozumel , mexico for teenagers ? 
1 what was the distinguishing mark on the `` little rascals' dog ? 
3 what has been the most common christian name of u s presidents ? 
0 what exactly is the purpose of the anteater ? 
4 what were the cities of dickens's a tale of two cities ? 
0 what are spider veins ? 
0 what is the moulin rouge ? 
1 what was the first tv set to include a remote control ? 
4 what country is the setting for edgar allan poe's the pit and the pendulum ? 
4 what mountain range marks the border of france and spain ? 
3 who wrote `` the pit and the pendulum' ? 
0 what is the origin of head lice ? 
1 what was the longest war in u s history ? 
3 who is the prophet that is most connected to the dead sea ? 
4 what country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ? 
0 why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ? 
4 what u s state's motto is `` live free or die' ? 
0 how do i know if i am pregnant ? 
3 which two inventors invented post its ? 
3 who is the mathematician that won the noble prize for literature in ? 
0 how did janice joplin die ? 
1 what war saw battles at parrot's beak and black virgin ? 
3 which college did dikembe mutombo attend ? 
3 who danced into stardom with fred astaire in 's you'll never get rich ? 
1 what is the state flower of michigan ? 
0 how can i easily remove red wine stains from t shirts ? 
0 what are antacids ? 
1 what cards are bullets ? 
3 whom did friz freleng add to the warner bros cartoon ranks ? 
5 when was the first flush toilet invented ? 
0 how can i get a comic character i made copyrighted and published ? 
0 what does the term glory hole mean ? 
5 how many people have died of tuberculosis ? 
3 who founded the unification church ? 
4 what city in florida is sea world in ? 
4 where do the blackhawks maintain their operations ? 
5 when did the berlin wall go up ? 
0 what happened to moon maiden ? 
1 what shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ? 
1 what are new computer games for windows or ? 
5 how many people in the usa say their number one source of information is the newspaper ? 
5 how many small businesses are there in the u s 
1 what beer's name is translated as `` lion brew' ? 
0 why does tuberculosis afflict people ? 
4 what country is bounded in part by the indian ocean and coral and tasman seas ? 
5 how many engines does a boeing have ? 
0 what is tumbled marble ? 
3 what tv talk show host lends his name to a line of men's clothing ? 
1 what was the name of the peace agreement imposed on germany after world war i ? 
1 what cooking oil has `` corn goodness' ? 
5 what is the acreage of the chappellet vineyard ? 
5 how old was elvis presley when he died ? 
3 what member of the little rascals has an on again , off again sweetheart in darla hood ? 
4 which city in china has the largest number of foreign financial companies ? 
0 what is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ? 
1 what is a baby turkey called ? 
0 what is the , k , plan ? 
1 what are pushed and coupled in hump yards ? 
0 what's nature's purpose for tornadoes ? 
1 what is the most famous german word in the english language ? 
3 what hard of hearing artist painted sunflowers ? 
3 who was the first man to fly across the pacific ocean ? 
1 the second most popular sport worldwide is what ? 
0 what is the literal meaning of `` d day' ? 
1 what format was vhs's main competition ? 
1 which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real' mayonnaise ? 
2 what is hdlc ? 
0 how can i get in touch with michael moore of `` roger me' ? 
2 what does ekg stand for ? 
4 where's the bernini bristol hotel ? 
1 what kennedy was married to ethel ? 
5 how much did the iran contra investigation cost ? 
4 what city hosted the first winter olympics in asia ? 
0 why is the moon different sizes and colors ? 
0 what does esa pekka salonen look like ? 
5 how many calories are there in soy sauce ? 
1 what toy can you make sleep ? 
5 when was beethoven born ? 
5 how many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ? 
0 what are liver enzymes ? 
1 what anesthetic did queen victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in ? 
1 what was the name of the sitcom that alyssa milano starred in with tony danza ? 
5 what is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ? 
0 what was the vietnam war ? 
4 what's the world's largest cathedral ? 
3 who said `` the victor will never be asked if he told the truth' ? 
1 what are the animals that don't have backbones called ? 
5 how many layers does a bottle of yoo hoo settle into ? 
1 what is the fastest fish in the world ? 
3 what future president became senate majority whip under harry truman ? 
4 what is the location of mccarren airport ? 
1 what do the japanese call japan ? 
0 how is plastic made ? 
0 what is olestra ? 
3 the lawyer who represented randy craft , what was his name ? 
1 what is a fear of being alone ? 
4 what country did the mau mau uprising take place in ? 
0 what is ouzo ? 
0 what's a male `` cuckquean' ? 
0 what are the powers and weaknesses of green lantern's ring ? 
1 what do you call a newborn kangaroo ? 
1 which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ? 
0 what's the distinction of u s supreme court justice thurgood marshall ? 
0 why does it say on children's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ? 
4 where did wile e coyote always get his devices ? 
0 why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ? 
0 what is chromatology ? 
0 what is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ? 
3 what is the name of a greek god ? 
0 what is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ? 
4 what north american city sprouts the most parking meters ? 
1 what `` little red car' is mentioned in pop singer prince's hit song ? 
1 what holidays are celebrated in ireland ? 
3 what is michael jackson's middle name ? 
0 what caused harry houdini's death ? 
4 what u s state are the finger lakes in ? 
0 what is the distinction of erle stanley gardner's the case of the terrified typist ? 
0 how can i enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please 
3 what mexican leader was shot dead in ? 
5 how many members of a family could be drafted in the u s military during world war ii ? 
3 what english queen had seventeen children ? 
4 where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ? 
1 which comic strip was never turned into a broadway musical ? 
3 who was the first woman governor in the u s ? 
5 how many presidents have died on the th of july ? 
5 when was child labor abolished ? 
3 who are the two sons of ozzie and harriet nelson ? 
1 what aesop's fable has the moral `` the race is not always to the swift slow and steady is bound to win' ? 
3 who was red grange ? 
0 what is the c programming language ? 
3 what is the name of the american who was captured when his plane went down over syrian held lebanon ? 
0 how do you find oxidation numbers ? 
0 what features of the african elephant are larger than those of the indian elephant ? 
4 what country is famous for persian rugs ? 
1 what did a th century aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ? 
4 where are the apartments in saint john , new brunswick ? 
3 name a french fascist party 
5 what was the first minimum wage ? 
3 which of the following was rhodes scholar ? 
1 what does a woman want ? 
1 what blew up at lakehurst , new jersey , on may , ? 
3 what is the name of the deranged super criminal otto octavius uses ? 
1 what soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own marvel comic book ? 
1 what are the first six words of dickens's a tale of two cities ? 
5 in what year did joe dimaggio compile his game hitting streak ? 
0 what is artificial intelligence ? 
4 what is bill gates of microsoft e mail address ? 
0 why does a candle go out when we blow on it ? 
1 what children's tale contains the line `` come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me' ? 
1 what sport do the cleaveland cavaliers play ? 
3 what group starred in the movie rock around the clock ? 
0 what is mandibulofacial dysostosis ? 
3 who was the architect of central park ? 
4 where are of the highest mountains in the world ? 
3 what are the names of jacques cousteau's two sons ? 
5 what is the date of mexico's independence ? 
4 what is the capital of yugoslavia ? 
1 what are the stars made of ? 
5 by how much will the california state gas tax rise by the year ? 
5 how long does it take light to reach the earth from the sun ? 
3 who is stein eriksen ? 
1 what was the sequel to the moon's balloon ? 
1 what product's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew' ? 
0 how did former wwf wrestler rick rude die ? 
1 what are the developmental stages of a swimmer ? 
4 where can i find book reviews of `` turbulent souls' ? 
0 what is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers' ? 
5 how many beanie baby sites are there ? 
3 what singer's theme song was when the moon comes over the mountain ? 
5 what is the size of the student body at the university of massachusetts in amherst ? 
5 when was dubai's first concrete house built ? 
5 how many url extensions are there ? and what are they ? 
5 how many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ? 
0 what does it mean `` rupee depreciates' ? 
1 what british tv series inspired all in the family ? 
3 who played maria in the film west side story ? 
4 what planet would you visit to see bebrenia , arcadia , and amazonis ? 
0 what is a bourdon tube ? 
3 who created harry lime ? 
1 what is a fear of crystals or glass ? 
2 what is the abbreviation of the international olympic committee ? 
1 which gender has bigger thighs ? 
5 how many colors are there in the spectrum ? 
3 who is the french literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ? 
5 how many people die of tuberculosis yearly ? 
1 what was the tragedy that struck the city of dogtown in ? 
5 how hot should the oven be when making peachy oat muffins ? 
0 what does target heart rate mean ? 
4 what body of water does the danube river flow into ? 
3 who invented baseball ? 
0 what does n est ce pas mean ? 
1 what was the name of the american ship sunk by a mine in havana harbor , causing the spanish american war ? 
0 what is srpska krajina ? 
3 what good little witch is casper's girlfriend ? 
1 what is a fear of points ? 
4 what park contains firehole river and fairy falls ? 
0 why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ? 
0 what's a `` coup de poing' to a french boxer ? 
0 what is the hub of london ? 
3 what is the occupation of nicholas cage ? 
1 what tale has the moral `` he who wants everything gets nothing' ? 
5 when did the `` star spangled banner' become the national anthem ? 
3 who said `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?' 
5 how long is the columbia river in miles ? 
1 what animals acted as lapwarmers for american colonists in church ? 
4 what nationality is pope john paul ii ? 
3 whose kidnaping was termed the crime of the century ? 
0 what is the origin of the proverb `` a stitch in time saves nine' ? 
4 where is qatar ? 
3 what knighted actor narrates tv's the world at war ? 
1 what monastery was raided by vikings in the late eighth century ? 
0 what is an urban legend ? 
3 what's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` silence of the lambs' ? 
0 how do i find if my relatives were on the trail of tears ? 
4 where can i get information about cystic fibrosis ? 
0 how do you get a pointsettia to turn red ? 
0 why did the shea gould law firm leave los angeles ? 
0 why is poop sometimes different colors ? 
0 what is yohimbine ? 
1 what is `` the bear of beers' ? 
4 where was christopher columbus born ? 
4 what famed library can you reach by dialing ? 
0 what is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` hajo ?' 
4 what country in latin america is the largest one ? 
5 when was the last major eruption of mount st helens ? 
1 what credit card features a centurion on its face ? 
5 how far is pluto from the sun ? 
0 what is the biblical meaning of ` stones ? 
0 what is hypnotherapy ? 
5 the shea gould law firm had an office in l a for how many years ? 
3 who was the first english circumnavigator of the globe ? 
0 how was the kennedy money made ? 
3 who played the title role in my favorite martian ? 
5 when did cnn begin broadcasting ? 
1 what kind of animal was winnie the pooh ? 
3 who sells viagra ? 
0 how do you pronounce `` tzimisce' ? 
3 who invented silly putty ? 
0 what is e commerce ? 
2 what does snafu stand for ? 
3 what south vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in ? 
0 what's an auberge in france ? 
1 what class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ? 
3 who was the rd president of the united states ? 
0 what effect does a prism have on light ? 
4 what is the name of the city that maurizio pellegrin lives in ? 
1 what animal has the best hearing ? 
0 what is the largest variety of cactus ? 
1 what was the name of robert fulton's most famous steamboat ? 
4 where is `` global schoolhouse' ? 
5 how many questions do you have on your database ? 
3 who killed lee harvey oswald ? 
0 give a reason for american indians oftentimes dropping out of school 
3 who sued the dannon yougurt company for using a character named ron raider for promotion ? 
0 what is sonar ? 
4 in what area of the world was the six day war fought ? 
3 what president to be was the first member of congress to enlist following the attack on pearl harbor ? 
1 name a film in which jude law acted 
5 how old is britney spears ? 
1 what vehicles are raced in the tour de france ? 
5 how many electoral college votes does colorado have ? 
5 what will the increase be in the california gas tax by ? 
1 what are birds descendents of ? 
0 how is answers com funded ? 
1 what is the longest bone in the human body ? 
5 when was nostradamus born ? 
0 how can sql queries be improved ? 
4 what's the only east european country not tied to the ruble ? 
1 what religion has the most members ? 
4 where can i buy a good snowboard for less than ? 
5 when did jaco pastorius die ? 
3 who said `` soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit' ? 
1 what english word comes from the old french covrefeu , meaning cover fire ? 
0 how is thalassemia defined ? 
4 what are the top tallest buildings in the world ? 
4 what is the largest county in size in massachusetts ? 
1 what are the spots on dominoes called ? 
1 what was the name of the flight that fawaz younis hijacked ? 
0 what are binomial coefficients ? 
5 how many years ago did the ship titanic sink ? 
1 what type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ? 
5 how many cables support the main span of the golden gate bridge ? 
3 who developed potlatch ? 
1 what device provided a new way to listen to music in ? 
3 what u s vice president killed alexander hamilton in a duel ? 
4 where was the largest concentration camp in world war ii ? 
5 how much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , , tree ? 
0 what is magnetar ? 
0 what does cc in engines mean ? 
1 what's the highest ranking suit in bridge ? 
4 what nationality was jackson pollock ? 
3 who is the youngest of the beatles ? 
0 what is the history of the soft drink mr pibb ? 
1 what are the two languages of malta ? 
1 what is another word for diet ? 
3 who made the largest cocaine seizure in ventura county history ? 
5 how long is the world's largest ship , in meters ? 
0 what are platelets ? 
3 who is the nebbish that is marvel's official mascot ? 
5 what is columbia tristar's phone number ? 
1 what song did patti page set people dancing to in ? 
1 what book opens `` at a certain village in la mancha , which i shall not name ' ? 
1 what did the congress of vienna establish ? 
3 who won the first general election for president held in malawi in may ? 
3 who invented the game scrabble ? 
3 which college did dikembe mutombo play basketball at ? 
0 why didn't european colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ? 
4 where is santa lucia ? 
0 what is the origin of the city `` corpus christi' ? 
0 how do i register a trade name in north carolina ? 
0 how was lawrence 
1 what is a fear of clouds ? 
4 what is the largest island in the mediterranean sea ? 
5 how far is the service line from the net in tennis ? 
3 what is the name of the managing director of apricot computer ? 
2 what does u s s r stand for ? 
0 what was unusual about alexandra's appearance in josie and the pussycats ? 
0 how can i find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ? 
4 what is the country of origin for the name thomas ? 
3 what president kissed the queen mother on the lips ? 
3 what civilization invented the arch ? 
3 what school does tom attend in tom brown's school days ? 
0 what is the difference between optical and digital video ? 
1 what's known as the queen of drinks ? 
1 what would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ? 
4 where can i buy a hat like the kind jay kay from jamiroquai wears ? 
4 where in the americas is it only miles from the atlantic to the pacific ? 
0 what is hydrogen ? 
0 why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ? 
5 what year did charles dicken die ? 
4 what sea did the romans call mare nostrum ? 
5 what is the population of the largest chilean city 
4 what north american city boasts the biggest polish population ? 
3 who portrayed renaud in casablanca ? 
1 what food of the three bears did goldilocks eat ? 
5 what is the recommended weight of a year old male that is , ? 
3 who is the head of the world bank ? 
3 who was the first american to walk in space ? 
4 mississippi has what name for a state nickname ? 
3 who was the first american citizen awarded the albert medal of the society of arts ? 
4 where did gulliver find a race of tiny people ? 
5 how many feet more than is the average height of the great wall of china ? 
4 where did luther display his `` ninety five theses' ? 
5 what is the average hours per months spent online by aol users ? 
0 how do i find a city if i have the area code ? 
1 what is a fear of hell ? 
0 how do storms form ? 
0 how do you determine if a computer monitor has an svga adapter ? 
3 what's the middle name of movie producer joseph e levine ? 
1 what instrument does benny carter play ? 
3 what character narrates treasure island ? 
4 what are the four largest mountain ranges on the asian continent ? 
0 how do i find a web address for a company ? 
5 how many times more than 
3 who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the kalahari desert in africa ? 
0 how can a foreigner get a u s social security card ? 
3 who is the richest person in the world ? 
3 who wrote the song , `` stardust' ? 
0 what do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ? 
5 how many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ? 
1 what color is mr spock's blood ? 
3 what tv character said `` one of these days , alice , pow , right in the kisser' ? 
3 who is the most sexy celebrity ? 
5 when did the use of `` the syringe' first appear in medicinal history ? 
5 what is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ? 
3 what is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ? 
1 what is a baby lion called ? 
1 what is the longest english word ? 
5 how many websites are there in the world ? 
0 what does tiffany mean ? 
2 what is svhs ? 
4 what african country is governed from ouagadougou ? 
1 what is the mission of nike ? 
0 what is typhoid fever ? 
5 what is the population of australia ? 
3 who provides telephone service in orange county , california ? 
1 what kind of hat does bat masterson wear ? 
5 how far is it from phoenix to blythe ? 
5 when is the tulip festival in michigan ? 
0 what is a multiplexer ? 
3 which company that manufactures video game hardware sells the `` super system' ? 
1 what's the official animal of canada ? 
5 how many cards are dealt to each player in gin rummy ? 
0 what is gymnophobia ? 
1 what is a fear of rejection ? 
1 what drug did sigmund freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ? 
4 what is one of the cities that the university of minnesota is located in ? 
4 what city is logan airport in ? 
3 who is the creator of `` the muppets' ? 
4 what islands got their name from the spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ? 
0 what is solar wind ? 
3 who invented the fountain ? 
5 how tall was the animated frankenstein 
3 who won the rugby world cup in ? 
4 what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ? 
0 what is amoxicillin ? 
1 what world war i battle saw , troops killed in one day ? 
1 what is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ? 
3 whom did the chicago bulls beat in the championship ? 
4 what is the capital of italy ? 
5 what is the fine for having a dog on a beach ? 
0 why don't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ? 
1 what stephen king novel is set in a graveyard for pets ? 
3 whose autobiography is titled yes i can ? 
0 why are lions called `` king of the jungle' ? 
3 what monarch signed the magna carta ? 
1 what was the name of the `` little rascals' dog ? 
1 what did the ancients call the four great elements ? 
3 who was the first coach of the cleveland browns ? 
0 what happens to used motor oil ? 
4 what state is known as the hawkeye state ? 
5 when did north carolina enter the union ? 
5 when was the san francisco fire ? 
1 what is a fear of being cold ? 
4 where is the orinoco river ? 
4 what country has the best defensive position in the board game diplomacy ? 
1 what is the primary language of the philippines ? 
0 why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in california ? 
1 what nuclear powered russian submarine sank in the norwegian sea on april , ? 
3 what basketball player is credited with , rebounds ? 
0 how do cameras take pictures ? 
0 what can i do to get into an ivy league school ? 
3 what russian composer's prelude in c sharp minor brought him fame and fortune ? 
5 how many people die from tuberculosis each year ? 
5 what is the average age a horse lives ? 
5 what was einstein's iq ? 
0 how is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ? 
4 where is windsor castle ? 
1 what is a fear of motion ? 
5 what was joe namath's first contract worth ? 
4 what country was brian boru an th century king of ? 
4 what are all the southern states of the united states ? 
5 how much caffeine is in a oz cup of coffee ? 
1 what is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the us ? 
5 the italian artist , maurizio pellegrin , is how old ? 
3 who invented the wonderbra ? 
1 how do you say in latin ? 
1 what handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ? 
0 what is habeas corpus ? 
4 on what river is rome built ? 
3 who is imam hussain ben ali whom shia people believe in ? 
3 what th century american poet wrote a four volume biography of abraham lincoln ? 
0 what do i need to learn to design web pages ? 
2 what is afs ? 
1 what animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ? 
4 what is the oldest website on the internet ? 
3 what is the oldest university in the us ? 
5 how many films did ingmar bergman make ? 
5 how many letters appear with the numbers to on a telephone dial ? 
0 what is idealab ! ? 
1 what kind of mammal is a colt ? 
0 what is `` flintknapping' ? 
3 what presidential press secretary dismissed watergate as a third rate burglary attempt ? 
5 about how many americans are still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ? 
3 who wrote the song , `` silent night' ? 
1 what h g wells novel was written under the title the chronic argonauts ? 
3 what company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ? 
3 who won oscars for her roles in gone with the wind and a streetcar named desire ? 
1 which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ? 
1 what are the ages in comic book lingo ? 
5 how many people did randy steven craft murder ? 
4 where is the danube ? 
5 how many people hike ? 
4 what two countries fought the hundred years war ? 
0 what's the state motto of california ? 
1 who were john f kennedy's dogs ? 
4 where is rider college located ? 
3 what professional cricketer's son wrote the war of the worlds in ? 
1 what is the celtic symbol for `` life' ? 
0 what are the seven virtues ? 
3 who bestowed great power upon captain britain ? 
5 how many meters are in a mile ? 
4 what country was erich honecker the leader of ? 
1 what is predicted to topple over between and ? 
1 what is the weakest bone in the body ? 
1 name four famous cartoon cats 
4 in the late 's british convicts were used to populate which colony ? 
2 what does the `` blue ribbon' stand for ? 
4 where is microsoft's corporate headquarters located ? 
5 how many rows of whiskers does a cat have ? 
3 what first name was nipsy russell given at birth ? 
3 who played the father on `` charles in charge' ? 
0 what do the number , , and mean on dr pepper bottles ? 
1 what was `` america's recessed filter cigarette' ? 
4 where is tornado alley ? 
3 who followed willy brandt as chancellor of the federal republic of germany ? 
4 what new york city landmark has steps to its crown ? 
1 name li'l abner's favorite indian drink 
3 what is rona barrett's married name ? 
3 whose acceptance speech of more than minutes prompted a time limit on academy award thank yous ? 
4 where can i get u s economic statistics ? 
4 what is california's capital ? 
1 what international sport was originally called hurley ? 
4 what country is kosovo a part of ? 
1 what is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ? 
4 where can i find a picture of a blue meanie ? 
4 what ocean does mauritania border ? 
3 what company's logo is a `` w' in a circle ? 
5 how long does a pig's orgasm last ? 
1 what's the favorite food of dragonflies ? 
0 what is recruitment interview technique ? 
1 what do goldfish lose if kept in dimly lit or running water ? 
4 what two european countries entered the war of american independence against the british ? 
5 when was thomas jefferson born ? 
5 how much did alaska cost when bought from russia ? 
1 what star faring race brought about the inhumans on marvel's earth ? 
5 what day is august , ? 
1 what did warlock wear on his forehead in marvel comics ? 
0 how does a rainbow form ? 
0 how do you select wine ? 
1 what organ contains the islands of langerhans ? 
4 what u s state is mammoth cave national park in ? 
1 what is the best selling television soundtrack of all time ? 
1 what's the term for any four sided figure ? 
0 what is swap math ? 
0 what is the difference between the anus and the rectum ? 
1 what is `` the great american family cereal' ? 
0 what is a serigraph ? 
0 what was the long march in china ? 
3 who wrote `` the scarlet letter' ? 
4 what country borders denmark to the south ? 
3 what's the most common surname in america ? 
0 what do you do when your mouse isn't working as fast as it's supposed to ? 
4 what u s state has the second longest coastline ? 
1 what's the world's most common compound ? 
1 what william styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ? 
1 what is a fear of lice ? 
3 who is the prophet of medina ? 
2 what do the letters zip stand for in the phrase `` zip code' ? 
1 what incident of did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ? 
5 how many questions are on this thing ? 
1 what medium is stuart hamblen the first singing cowboy in ? 
4 what countries earn the most from tourism ? 
4 where can i find out the top singles ? 
0 what does aaron mean ? 
5 how old is the universe ? 
4 what's the capital of monaco ? 
1 what do the french call la manche ? 
3 who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate gene mapping research worldwide ? 
1 name a medicine commonly used to combat aids ? 
1 what ship did lloyd m bucher command ? 
0 what is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ? 
3 who is the only president to serve non consecutive terms ? 
4 what u s state has sagebrush as its state flower ? 
0 what is the s p used for ? 
5 when was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ? 
3 who is the leader of india ? 
4 what u s city was named for st francis of assisi ? 
3 what was queen victoria's title regarding india ? 
1 what were the ceremony traditions like during the elizabethian times ? 
3 which bloom county resident wreaks havoc with a computer ? 
5 what are the unemployment statistics for the years and ? 
2 what does shield stand for ? 
3 what texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ? 
0 how do i e mail someone at aol com from yahoo com ? 
1 which medium is hamblen the first singing cowboy in ? 
5 how many furlongs are there in a mile and a quarter recetrack ? 
4 what is the largest museum in the world ? 
0 how do i impress a guy ? 
3 who was the girl in peter sellers's soup ? 
4 what's the name of a hotel in indianapolis ? 
3 name the lawyer for randy craft 
5 when was the hoover dam constructed ? 
5 how much pizza do americans eat in a day ? 
3 who was the secretary of war in the civil war during the battle of gettysburg ? 
0 how do you throw a housewarming party ? 
1 what new year is celebrated on february th ? 
5 in what year was the cannon invented ? 
3 who is pia zadora's millionaire husband and mentor ? 
1 what cigarette is `` a whole new world' ? 
4 what country is home to heineken beer ? 
5 what's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ? 
4 what city was bobby kennedy assassinated in ? 
0 what is the function of ram ? 
5 how far can you see ? 
0 what do economists do ? 
4 what constellation contains the twins castor and pollux ? 
5 what is the salary of a u s representative ? 
0 where did the energy for the big bang come from ? 
4 where was the ligurian republic , , ? 
4 what is the brightest star visible from earth ? 
5 what's the american dollar equivalent for pounds in the u k ? 
1 what is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first person pronoun ? 
4 what is the largest u s state east of the mississippi ? 
5 when do mormons believe christ was born ? 
3 who created `` the muppets' ? 
3 who did doris day mean when she said `` i call him ernie because he's certainly no rock' ? 
0 what does an echidna look like ? 
1 which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in europe ? 
5 how far is it from denver to aspen ? 
5 when are the oscars academy awards in ? 
4 what continent is argentina on ? 
3 name the university of which woodrow wilson was president 
0 how did peabody and sherman travel through time ? 
0 why doesn't www answers com have any answers to my questions ? 
0 how do you get rid on woodpeckers ? 
4 what country has problems with hooligans ? 
3 who created maudie frickett ? 
