3 Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
0 How is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
3 Who was the author of the novel `` Far From the Madding Crowd '' ?
4 What 's the farthest planet from the sun ?
3 What heavyweight boxer was known as The Wild Bull of the Pampas ?
0 What is a plant supplement ?
1 What two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron-covered ships ?
5 What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
5 What 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
1 What is a fear of parasites ?
3 Who portrayed George M. Cohan in 1942 's Yankee Doodle Dandy ?
4 What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
4 What country has the largest sheep population ?
4 On what avenue is the original Saks department store located ?
5 In what year did Hitler gain power of Germany ?
1 What is the fastest fish in the world ?
1 What playing card symbolizes death ?
4 What gate opened on East and West Berlin ?
3 What group starred in the movie Rock Around the Clock ?
0 How can I get someone 's phone number if I only have their screen name ?
3 Who is Coronado ?
5 What is the pig population of the world ?
0 What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
4 What state is John F. Kennedy buried in ?
5 How many milligrams are in a gram ?
3 What Apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while Armstrong and Aldrin made history ?
5 How many questions do you have on your database ?
1 What kind of gas is in a fluorescent bulb ?
1 What Jules Verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine Nautilus ?
0 Why do magnets attract ?
4 What country boasts Cawdor Castle , Glamis Castle , and Blair Castle ?
3 Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .
1 What are the colors of the German flag ?
0 How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?
1 What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
3 Who has won the most Super Bowls ?
1 What Sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
1 What can one see in Reims ?
5 The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?
1 What bird can swim but can 't fly ?
3 Who is Samuel Pickering ?
0 What was the claim to fame of Explorer I , launched February 1 , 1958 ?
3 Whose biography by Maurice Zolotow is titled Shooting Star ?
4 Where can I find a picture of a Blue Meanie ?
0 How can SQL queries be improved ?
1 What is natural gas composed of ?
4 What European country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
3 What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?
4 What are the four largest mountain ranges on the Asian continent ?
3 When Mighty Mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
0 What is a wet dream ?
3 Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
4 What Italian city of 155 were Leonardo da Vinci , Michaelangelo , and Machiavelli all working in ?
3 Whose special bear 's creator was born on January 18 , 1779 ?
1 What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly ?
1 What did the pyramid-builders of Egypt mainly eat ?
0 What is severance pay ?
0 How was Lawrence
0 What is splatterpunk ?
5 How old was Stevie Wonder when he signed with Motown Records ?
3 What astronomer-architect designed the present St. Paul 's Cathedral in London ?
5 When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?
0 How is an executioner determined ?
3 What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?
0 Shea and Gould closed their Los Angeles office for what reason ?
4 Where is the volcano Olympus Mons located ?
5 What is the average date when most malls begin putting up Christmas holiday decorations ?
4 In what city is the famed St. Mark 's Square ?
4 What island was the target of the U.S. 's Operation Urgent Fury ?
3 Who invented the hula hoop ?
1 What type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?
5 When was the first flush toilet invented ?
5 How long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
4 What room did W.C. Fields keep his library in ?
3 What cigarette company urged us , `` Come to where the flavor is ? ''
1 What are the snakes of New England ?
1 What book does Holden Caulfield appear in ?
1 What do manatees eat ?
3 What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' ?
4 What countries have the most auto thefts ?
0 What makes popcorn pop ?
3 Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 : `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' ?
4 What city is often called The Insurance Capital of the World ?
1 What type of food makes you fat ?
5 How many people did Randy Craft murder ?
0 Why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
1 What is your favorite color ?
4 What country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the Turks in Libya ?
4 What is the rainiest place on Earth ?
4 What constellation contains the twins Castor and Pollux ?
3 Who wrote the book , `` Song of Solomon '' ?
4 What cathedral was Thomas Becket murdered in ?
0 What is magnetar ?
5 How many Beatles ' records went #1 ?
5 How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?
3 What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?
5 How big is the Chappellet vineyard ?
0 What is the definition of a cascade ?
1 What religion has the most members ?
1 What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?
1 What was Franklin Roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the Great Depression ?
4 What is Mark McGwire 's e-mail address ?
3 What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
3 Who made the first surfboard ?
3 What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?
3 Who was the first person to study the stars ?
1 What 's a male witch called ?
0 What is a cake of soap ?
1 What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
5 When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption ?
4 What country 's capital is Lagos ?
5 How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?
4 Where was Christopher Columbus born ?
4 What is the largest city in Germany ?
1 What disease did August von Wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?
0 What 's a `` coup de poing '' to a French boxer ?
1 What Lewis Carroll book introduced Humpty Dumpty to the world ?
2 What is RCD ?
1 What breed of hunting dog did the Beverly Hillbillies own ?
0 What is hypertext ?
1 What 1981 Candice Bergen-Jacqueline Bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's Old Acquaintance ?
1 What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?
5 How many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100-page screenplay ?
1 What is the alphabet for Latin ?
3 What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?
0 What is a bone marrow transplant ?
0 What is a caldera ?
4 What 's the tallest building in New York City ?
0 How do you match a name to a social security number ?
1 What was originally defined as one 1-millionth of the distance from the equator to the Pole ?
3 Who 's played the most games for the New York Yankees ?
3 What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?
4 What city 's airport is named Logan International ?
0 What is Shalom ?
3 Who sings Angel Eyes from the 80 's ?
0 What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
3 Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
3 Who is Charles Lindbergh ?
4 What country received all the Nobel Prizes awarded in 1976 ?
1 What Erica Jong novel deals with Isadora Wing 's fear ?
1 What Frederick Forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an African government by mercenaries ?
3 Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar ?
2 What does I.V. stand for ?
3 Who was the first African American to win the Nobel Prize in literature ?
3 What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden ?
3 Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?
1 What Dickens novel has David carrying the message `` Barkis is willin '' to Peggy ?
4 In what country is Lund ?
1 What film was based on the play Everybody Comes to Rick 's ?
0 What did John Hinckley do to impress Jodie Foster ?
1 What does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
3 Who gave us the `` Rolling Writer '' ?
3 Who is Peter Weir ?
1 What soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
1 What are the Cleveland Indians also called ?
0 What are Fortune 500 companies ?
5 How many James Bond novels are there ?
5 What is the average speed of the horses at the Kentucky Derby ?
3 Who wrote ` The Pines of Rome ' ?
3 Who is Olive Oyl 's brother ?
0 Why can 't women serve in the Navy on board submarines ?
3 Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?
0 What do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on Dr. Pepper bottles ?
5 When was Ulysses S. Grant born ?
3 Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
0 Why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
4 Where is the Mall of the America ?
3 Which is the only Dick Tracy villain to appear three times ?
0 What according to the Kinsey Institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of American males ?
3 Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
0 What does Tiffany mean ?
0 What is a serigraph ?
3 What apostle is Taylor Caldwell 's Great Lion of God ?
1 What feud ended with a marriage in Kentucky on March 21 , 1891 ?
3 Name Randy Craft 's lawyer .
0 What is Smartnet ?
0 What are binomial coefficients ?
3 Who shot Lee Harvey Oswald ?
5 When did Nixon visit China ?
3 Who else was considered for the role of Luke Skywalker when George Lucas was casting for Star Wars ?
1 What developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of U.S. Chief Justice John Marshall ?
3 Who invented `` The Muppets '' ?
5 How many colonies did Germany get to keep after World War I ?
3 What tennis player has the nickname `` Nasty '' ?
1 What is Mississippi 's state animal ?
1 What did Benny Carter play ?
3 What U.S. university boasts the largest library ?
3 What famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` Baby '' ?
4 Where do the Blackhawks maintain their operations ?
1 What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly ?
1 What 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
3 What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?
1 Which Kevin Costner movie involves the Sioux Indians ?
1 What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?
1 What TV show premiered on January 15 , 1981 ?
1 What 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?
4 Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?
0 What is acupuncture ?
0 Why are organ transplants more successful today ?
1 What chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?
0 What is the origin of the word , magic ?
3 What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?
5 How many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?
3 Who made the largest cocaine seizure in Ventura County history ?
3 Who invented the Wonderbra ?
3 Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
0 What is the meaning of thalassemia ?
4 What lake in Scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?
5 How fast can a Corvette go ?
0 What is June 's birthstone ?
4 What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
1 What 's a `` Drinker respirator '' better known as ?
3 Who protects DC Comics ' realm of dreams ?
0 What else has the swastika stood for ?
3 What woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc. , ?
3 Who won the Superbowl in ?
1 What animals do you find in the stock market ?
1 What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?
3 What is the name of Neil Armstrong 's wife ?
4 What mountainous region of the world is the Lhasa Apso dog native to ?
1 What is the shape of a football as stated in the NFL rulebook ?
5 When was Microsoft established ?
5 How many sides does a heptagon have ?
0 How do I contact Answers.com direct ?
5 How many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
4 What is the fourth highest mountain in the world ?
5 How much did Alaska cost when bought from Russia ?
3 What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?
2 What is HDLC ?
1 What color is `` ash '' ?
3 Who is the president of Bolivia ?
5 When was Calypso music invented ?
1 What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill ?
1 What software offers inventors use of CAD-like design ?
4 Where is Glasgow ?
3 What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?
3 What are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv Muppets Show ?
0 How effective are condoms in protecting against AIDS ?
1 In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
1 What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
5 How large is the Arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on Alaska 's north coast ?
1 What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US ?
5 When was the G7 group of nations formed ?
5 When was the USSR dissolved ?
5 How many countries watch MTV Europe ?
4 Where is Kings Canyon ?
3 Who did Arthur H. Bremer try to assassinate on May 15 , 1972 ?
1 What does a chiropodist treat ?
3 Who was the last U.S. president to reinstate Selective Service registration ?
1 What TV series featured Neal , a martini-drinking St. Bernard ?
4 What island is home to statues called Mauis ?
4 What city is found in the city of OZ ?
4 What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi ?
0 What is titanium ?
1 What award is the `` Oscar '' of advertising ?
1 What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?
3 Who portrayed W.C. Fields in the film W.C. Fields and Me ?
1 What was Hitler 's favorite movie ?
3 What 's the name of Pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
4 Where is the Danube ?
0 What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean ?
1 What product did William Horlick discover and produce ?
0 How can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
0 What is solar wind ?
3 Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
4 What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?
5 How many different countries export coffee ?
3 Which Bourbon king was restored to the French throne during Napoleon 's abdication ?
1 What is a mirror made out of ?
1 What Shakespearean play featured Shylock ?
0 What are spider veins ?
1 What is the name of Roy Roger 's dog ?
5 How many counties are in Indiana ?
4 What imaginary line is halfway between the North and South Poles ?
0 What was the proper Laugh-In respones to : `` Say goodnight , Dick '' ?
1 What does a woman want ?
5 What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
5 How many years do fossils take to form ?
3 What is Drew Barrymore 's middle name ?
4 Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , ?
4 What are tourist attractions in Reims ?
2 What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?
2 What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
4 What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
0 How did the war of 1812 affect Delaware ?
3 What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?
1 What product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
0 What makes a tornado turn ?
1 What are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ?
4 What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?
5 How old was Lucille Ball when the show `` I Love Lucy '' premiered ?
4 What city 's theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties ?
4 What ocean does Mauritania border ?
0 How do you throw a housewarming party ?
4 What French province is cognac produced in ?
1 What term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
1 What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog ?
0 Why does tuberculosis afflict people ?
0 What is endometriosis ?
1 What sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?
0 What is a Mexican hairless ?
3 What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
4 What peninsula is Spain part of ?
5 What is the size of the largest akita ?
0 What do Mormons believe ?
1 What did the ancients call the four great elements ?
4 Where is the Mason/Dixon line ?
5 What time of year has the most air travel ?
1 What is a fear of black people ?
0 What was the infamous feat of Germany 's U-2 submarine ?
5 What was Einstein 's IQ ?
1 Name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except Q , with no repeats .
1 Which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
5 What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
1 What is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?
4 What are the ten safest American cities for pedestrians ?
0 Hazmat stands for what ?
2 What does USPS stand for ?
5 When did CNN go on the air ?
5 Mexican pesos are worth what in U.S. dollars ?
3 What comedienne calls her sister-in-law Captain Bligh and her mother-in-law Moby Dick ?
5 How many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
0 How do you make dumplings ?
5 How many colors are there in the spectrum ?
3 In the movie Groundshog Day what is the name of the character played by Andie MacDowell ?
1 What is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
3 Who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
3 Who invented Make-up ?
0 What do insects do through their spiracles ?
0 What is sound ?
4 What do most tourists visit in Reims ?
3 What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
5 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
5 How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?
1 What three colors of ink are used to print a U.S. dollar bill ?
1 What garment was named for Bradley , Voorhees and Day ?
0 What incident caused the canning of a summit conference between Eisenhower and Khrushchev ?
3 What TV detective did Craig Stevens play ?
1 What invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?
0 What are platelets ?
1 What kind of creature is a coot ?
5 How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?
2 What do the letters ZIP stand for in the phrase `` ZIP code '' ?
0 What is vertigo ?
5 When is President Nixon 's birthday ?
3 What is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
5 How many milliseconds in a second ?
0 What is an ulcer ?
1 Which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
0 What is a common dolphin ?
5 How many presidents have died on the 4th of July ?
1 What are the two houses of the Legislative branch ?
0 How do I find info about rice importers in the world ?
3 What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
5 How many furlongs are there in a mile-and-a-quarter recetrack ?
1 What was lost and regained by poet John Milton ?
0 What is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
1 What are the ingredients of Coca-Cola ?
5 In what year did they build the Berlin Wall ?
3 What writer-journalist made his mark describing colorful Broadway and underworld characters ?
0 What is chromatology ?
3 What are the top 10 colleges in the United States in the field of engineering ?
4 Where is Guam ?
3 What is a society ruled by elders ?
1 What war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners Cap Trafalgar and the Carmania ?
3 Who was President Cleveland 's wife ?
4 What North American city would you visit to see Cleopatra 's Needle ?
3 What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
0 How can I find out how much income tax is paid on Social Security income on the 1998 income tax ?
4 Where is Inoco based ?
1 On which flight did Fawaz Younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
2 What is the abbreviation for micro ?
1 What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
3 Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?
5 How many Superbowls have the ers won ?
4 What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?
4 Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?
1 Which is the most-used computer program ?
0 What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery ?
3 Who was The Pride of the Yankees ?
3 Whose image is alleged to be on The Shroud of Turin ?
5 How many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
0 Why is Chicago named Chicago ?
3 Whose old London come-on was : `` Buy my sweet lavender '' ?
4 What is the highest peak in Africa ?
0 What is thermal equilibrium ?
5 How many John Deere tractors have been manufactured ?
4 What is the name of the gulf between Sweden and Finland ?
1 What English word contains the most letters ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
4 Where is the Valley of the Kings ?
4 What is the most useful site on the Internet ?
4 What city is sometimes called The Athens of Switzerland ?
3 Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?
0 What is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
5 When did CNN begin broadcasting ?
3 Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?
4 Where is Hitler buried ?
1 What cards are bullets ?
0 Where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
5 How many people live in cities ?
3 Who is Prince Naseem Hamed ?
1 What film had Bette Davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
3 Who came up with the name , El Nino ?
0 What caused the death of Bob Marley ?
1 Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?
3 Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
1 What is a fear of touching ?
1 What format was VHS 's main competition ?
1 What alloy do copper and tin form ?
4 Where do I find information for foreclosure properties on the Internet ?
4 Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
1 What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?
0 What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?
0 How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
0 How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?
3 What American actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
4 What continent is Bolivia on ?
4 What country has problems with hooligans ?
3 What player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
4 Where did George of the Jungle live ?
0 What is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
4 Where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?
3 Who created Harry Lime ?
3 What baseball player was walked the most times ?
2 What does MSG stand for ?
5 How tall is kilamanjaro ?
4 Which Latin American country is the largest ?
3 Which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
1 Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .
2 What is the abbreviation of the International Olympic Committee ?
0 What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
1 What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
4 What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
5 Developing nations comprise what percentage of the world 's population ?
5 What year was the ATM first introduced ?
0 What is the meaning of `` CPR '' ?
5 How deep is a fathom ?
5 When does menstruation begin ?
4 What are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
3 Who invented the lawnmower ?
3 What 's Mrs. Bridges 's job on TV 's Upstairs , Downstairs ?
1 Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .
3 What is the name of the leader of Ireland ?
3 Who was the first black woman to star in the Folies Bergeres ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
1 What does it take to become a lawyer ?
5 When did the original Howdy Doody show go off the air ?
3 Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy ?
5 When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
2 What 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
1 What was the name of the U.S. Navy gunboat in the film The Sand Pebbles ?
0 What is Tetrinet ?
0 How can I call a friend in another country when I do not know the telephone number ?
0 How do chickens have baby chicks ?
3 Name a canine cartoon character other than Huckleberry Hound to have a voice by Daws Butler .
0 Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''
4 What Rocky Mountain ridge separates North America 's eastward and westward-flowing rivers ?
1 What toy can you make sleep ?
1 What do Italians call Florence ?
4 Where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
4 What building are British monarchs crowned in ?
4 Where did Woodstock take place ?
2 What does SHIELD stand for ?
4 Where do apple snails live ?
1 What is the source of natural gas ?
3 Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .
5 How old is the universe ?
5 Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
5 What is the exchange rate for Australian to American money ?
0 What is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
1 What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
4 Where is Tufts University ?
0 What are tonsils for ?
0 What do Caroll Baker , Tammy Grimes , Debbie Reynolds , and Judy Garland all have in common ?
5 How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?
5 When was Lyndon B. Johnson born ?
1 What do you call a professional map drawer ?
0 How do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
1 What is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
4 What city 's newspaper is called `` The Star '' ?
5 How many liters in a gallon ?
3 What famous film and TV cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
5 When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
5 How old is Jeremy Piven ?
0 What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year ?
4 Where do lobsters like to live ?
1 What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
4 Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?
1 What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
5 What is the average age a horse lives ?
3 Who wrote The Secret Life of Walter Mitty ?
0 What causes an earthquake ?
0 Why did the chicken cross the road ?
4 The Kentucky Horse Park is close to which American city ?
4 What are the only two states that incorporate the Confederate battle flag in their flags ?
1 What product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?
0 What is limbo ?
4 What is the highest waterfall in the United States ?
1 What are cigarettes made of ?
0 How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?
5 How big is the Electoral College ?
0 What is probability theory ?
1 What is a fear of gravity ?
0 How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?
4 What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in ?
1 What is a fear of punishment ?
5 In what year was Gandhi assassinated ?
3 What six-foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
1 What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid ?
3 The lawyer who represented Randy Craft , what was his name ?
0 How do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
0 How do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
1 What did Abolitionists try to end ?
3 What future Soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to Marxism ?
0 Why do girls have to wear training bras ?
3 Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess ?
0 How is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
1 What is a fear of color ?
5 What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?
3 Who wrote The Night of the Iguana ?
5 How long should you feed your puppy Purina Puppy Chow ?
0 How do you determine if a computer monitor has an SVGA adapter ?
3 Which glamorous actress is a close friend of Dick Tracy ?
0 What makes you fat ?
4 What strait links the Mediterranean Sea and the Atlantic Ocean ?
5 Boxing Day is celebrated on what date ?
1 What is the zodiac sign for August 14 ?
4 What is the capital of Congo ?
2 What does snafu stand for ?
0 What does palindromic mean ?
3 What is the name of Miss India 1994 ?
4 Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?
5 How tall was the animated Frankenstein
1 What will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
3 What is Michael Jackson 's middle name ?
3 Who is the creator of `` The Muppets '' ?
1 What was President Lyndon Johnson 's reform program called ?
3 What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot ?
1 What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France ?
1 What TV station did Mary Richards work for ?
1 What is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?
4 What is the capital of Yugoslavia ?
1 What are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?
3 What store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?
1 What four forms does gold occur in ?
0 How did the tradition of best man start ?
5 How old is Stevie Wonder ?
0 What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?
4 Where is the Loop ?
0 What is the Immaculate Conception ?
5 How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?
3 What court does Bob Woodward describe in The Brethren ?
3 What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
3 Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?
5 When was the Triangle Shirtwaist fire ?
0 What causes panic attacks ?
0 How is digital audio used ?
3 Who is Barbara Jordan ?
3 Which of these are authors ?
3 Who is the president of the Spanish government ?
1 What movie did Steven Spielberg direct in 1975 ?
5 How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
1 What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?
3 Who is the founder of Scientology ?
3 Who was Sherlock Holmes 's archenemy ?
3 What TV character sired a horse named Thunder ?
0 Why did the Shea & Gould law firm leave Los Angeles ?
1 What does a resurrectionist steal ?
0 What is Valentine 's Day ?
3 Who painted the ceiling of the Sistine Chapel ?
3 Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic ?
5 How many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?
0 What qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?
4 What does the River Seine empty into ?
4 Where can I find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?
0 What is the Kashmir issue ?
1 Which cats pursued Tweety Pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
5 How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?
3 Who portrayed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in The Desert Fox ?
3 Who spoke the only word in Mel Brooks 's Silent Movie ?
1 What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
0 What is the difference between jazz and blues ?
3 Who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the San Diego county ?
4 What is a reliable site that I can download Heretic 2 ?
0 What is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
4 What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?
3 What wild and crazy guy wrote a book called Cruel Shoes ?
5 When was Thomas Jefferson born ?
3 Who was made the first honorary citizen of the U.S. ?
1 Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?
3 Who liberated 19th century Sicily and Naples ?
3 Who moderated the first Kennedy-Nixon TV debate ?
3 Who shoplifts ?
4 Where is the largest post office building in the world ?
3 Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?
3 Who invented baseball ?
5 What year were the Olympic Games played in where Nadia Comaneci became popular ?
0 How does a scientific calculator work ?
1 What six words follow the line : `` From a jack to a king.. . '' ?
1 What video format was an alternative to VHS ?
4 What bay divides Maryland 's Eastern and Western Shores ?
5 When was the first stamp issued ?
1 What 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?
0 What makes Black Hills , South Dakota a tourist attraction ?
1 What film featured Shirley MacLaine as a prostitute and Jack Lemmon as a pimp ?
4 Where is Erykah Badu originally from ?
3 Who was the lawyer for Randy Craft ?
4 Where is South Bend ?
3 What boxer 's life story is titled Raging Bull ?
5 When did Fraze get his first patent for the pull-tab can ?
5 When was Rosa Parks born ?
0 What is the origin of the word Ozymandias ?
1 What book opens : `` At a certain village in La Mancha , which I shall not name.. . '' ?
4 Which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` Teddy bear '' ?
4 Where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
4 What state was named the Green Mountain state ?
0 What is spaceball played on ?
3 Who is Malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
1 What is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first-person pronoun ?
4 What are Britain 's two longest rivers ?
1 What is the name of Kevin Costner 's movie about Sioux Indians ?
1 What food of the three bears did Goldilocks eat ?
3 Who is Rocky 's and Bullwinkle 's ever-lost friend ?
1 What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
5 How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
4 What are the Nordic nations ?
3 Who patented the first phonograph ?
5 How many inches tall is Stuart Little at birth ?
3 Who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
5 During which season do most thunderstorms occur ?
1 What are the wolverine habits ?
3 What was the business of the animated Sky Hawks ?
5 How much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?
1 What are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
0 What is the `` Global Economy '' ?
5 When was the slinky invented ?
1 What ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
0 Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
3 Who is the President of Pergament ?
3 Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' ?
5 How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?
0 What is a green bog ?
1 What is the name of a language spoken by the Sioux ?
5 How many American actors were nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983 ?
4 What three European countries begin with the letter A ?
4 What country does Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
4 Where did Gulliver find a race of tiny people ?
1 What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
0 What is semolina ?
4 What city is graced by the Arch of Titus ?
0 What type of childhood did Jules Verne have ?
4 What mountain range extends from the Gulf of St. Lawrence to Alabama ?
3 Who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
4 What is the address for the main government office in Rome , Italy ?
1 What did Martin Luther post on the church door at Wittenberg ?
3 What is her profession ?
5 How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
3 Who is the only president to serve 2 non-consecutive terms ?
3 Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?
3 What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
5 How long do flies live ?
3 Who portrayed Prewett in From Here to Eternity ?
4 In what country is a stuck-out tongue a friendly greeting ?
0 What is `` bloodhound '' ?
5 How many people die from snakebite poisoning in the U.S. per year ?
0 What are the words to the cd Eminem 's , or slim shady , `` My Name Is '' ?
5 How much does water weigh ?
3 Who was the star witness at the Senate Watergate hearings ?
1 Which produces the longer sperm - an elephant or a mouse ?
1 What Leon Uris novel dealt with the Russian capture of Berlin ?
0 How were the days of the week named ?
5 How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?
0 How come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
1 What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?
3 What rock group raised a ruckus at the White House by singing American Woman ?
4 What country is the origin of the band the Creeps ?
1 What eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?
5 How many cables support the main span of the Golden Gate Bridge ?
1 What kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
0 What is the origin of U.S. Army sergeant 's stripes ?
2 What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?
0 What does `` Semper Fidelis '' mean ?
0 How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
0 How do you make a computer chip ?
1 What race is 1 , 137 miles long ?
0 How do I find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?
1 What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard ?
4 What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
4 What country borders Denmark to the south ?
0 What is the English meaning of caliente ?
5 How tall is the Sears Building ?
5 How many films did Ingmar Bergman make ?
1 What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey ?
0 What is ozone depletion ?
4 What province is Montreal in ?
0 How has TV affected our society ?
0 What is influenza ?
5 How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
4 What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?
1 What was the sister ship of the Olympic ?
0 What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
5 When was the Berlin Wall erected ?
5 What year was the Avery Dennison company founded ?
3 What radio , TV and movie character did Jackie Gleason and William Bendix play ?
4 What planet would you visit to see Bebrenia , Arcadia , and Amazonis ?
4 What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?
4 Where was Lincoln assassinated ?
0 What is goldenseal ?
1 What are the historical trials following World War II called ?
1 What is the best brand for a laptop computer ?
3 What NFL team did Vince Lombardi end his coaching career with ?
3 What British prime minister and U.S. president were seventh cousins once-removed ?
4 What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 ?
5 How old was Joan of Arc when she died ?
0 What is Megan 's law ?
3 Who is section manager for guidance and control systems at JPL ?
0 What function does a community 's water tower serve ?
3 Who is Robin Williams ?
1 What do you call a book of quotes ?
4 Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place ?
0 What is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
1 What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?
1 Name four comic strips about pilots .
1 What was Dwight Eisenhower 's favorite card game ?
0 What are Christopher Marlowe 's and Shakespeare 's literary contributions to English literature ?
2 What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?
1 What 's the most popular four-player game of all time ?
4 What colorful sea 's region does Greek legend say the Amazons lived near ?
5 How many tenths of the Earth 's surface lie under water ?
0 What made the Finger Lakes in western New York state ?
1 What did 8 , CD NNS VBP TO VB NNP POS NN .
5 What year did Mussolini seize power in Italy ?
0 From what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
3 What baseball team was the first to make numbers part of their uniform ?
3 Who was Whitcomb Judson ?
3 Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
1 What is the name given to the Tiger at Louisiana State University ?
5 When did the vesuvius last erupt ?
0 How does a hurricane form ?
5 What is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
3 What was the name of the Titanic 's captain ?
1 What are super balls made of ?
0 Why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?
1 What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?
4 What is the world 's highest peak ?
3 Who portrayed Vincent Van Gogh in Lust for Life ?
3 Who invented volleyball ?
0 What is a shaman ?
3 Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
4 Where can I find a case on Americans with Disabilities Act of 199 ?
1 What kind of species is the monster in the film `` Jaws '' ?
0 How can I get rich quick ?
1 What was John Steinbeck 's travelling companion Charley ?
5 How old do you have to be in order to rent a car in Italy ?
1 What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?
3 What famous singing cowboy owns the California Angels baseball team ?
4 What Canadian city has the largest population ?
1 What Peter Blatty novel recounts the horrors of Regan MacNeil 's possession by the devil ?
3 Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .
3 What is Nicholas Cage 's profession ?
0 Why was Muhammad Ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
3 What company makes impulse hardening equipment ?
0 What 's the setting of John Le Carre 's A Small Town in Germany ?
1 What is a fear of insanity ?
4 What country did the Romans call Hibernia ?
3 Who was the first female United States Representative ?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
4 What state has the most Indians ?
1 What is the correct way to use `` may '' vs. `` might '' ?
0 What is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
1 What Ernest Hemingway novel had the working title Fiesta ?
1 What 's the most popular contact lens color ?
4 Where is Trinidad ?
4 What is Answers.com 's address ?
5 What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 ?
4 What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
1 What are the ages in comic book lingo ?
0 What is strep throat ?
0 What is Ursa Major ?
1 What is widely used to detect birth defects ?
0 What is dry ice ?
3 Who was the Columbia Pictures head who forged actor Cliff Robertson 's name on a $1 , 000 check ?
1 What are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
0 What is Betsy Ross famous for ?
5 What is the life expectancy for crickets ?
5 What will the California gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
5 When did the last Americans leave Vietnam ?
3 Who is Samuel F. Pickering ?
1 What is a fear of going to bed ?
5 How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
1 What color flies closest to the staff on Belgium 's flag ?
4 What bay sparkles next to Miami , Florida ?
3 Who has more DNA - a man or a woman ?
3 What was the Christian name of the title character in Our Miss Brooks ?
3 Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
0 How do you become a dentist ?
3 Who 's the only U.S. president to have won a Pulitzer Prize ?
1 What sport is known for hooligans ?
3 Who does data collection in tourism ?
5 What is the size of Argentina ?
1 What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
4 What two European countries are joined by the Gran San Bernardo Pass ?
1 What is California 's state bird ?
4 Where is Poe 's birthplace ?
1 What was the name of Aristotle Onassis 's yacht ?
1 In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
1 What is the sales tax in Minnesota ?
1 What is a fear of speaking ?
1 What type of exercise burns the most calories ?
3 Who was Damocles ?
3 Who was Santos-Dumont ?
4 What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?
0 What are the side effects of mevacor ?
5 How many yards are in 1 mile ?
3 Who shot and killed himself while painting Wheatfield with Crows ?
1 Name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea .
4 What is worth seeing in Reims ?
1 What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
1 What 's the most powerful card in Euchre ?
5 When was the first stained glass window made ?
1 What drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?
1 What instrument does Benny Carter play ?
1 What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote ?
0 What is a urologist ?
1 What kind of crystals exist ?
5 What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
4 What country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?
1 What tools do you use to crewel ?
3 What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
0 What is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
4 What former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
0 What is a virtual IP address ?
4 What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?
4 Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
0 How come light bulbs go out ?
0 What is the difference between optical and digital video ?
0 How do you write a book report ?
2 What is Mikhail Gorbachev 's middle initial ?
1 What is a 2-sided object called ?
1 What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
0 How can I trace my family roots ?
1 What fruit does the ficus produce ?
0 What is pectin ?
3 What 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` Galloping Gourmet '' ?
1 What wheel did Blaise Pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
1 What is Beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?
3 What is Li 'l Abner 's last name ?
5 What is the population of the United States ?
1 What is the best-selling book of all time ?
1 What are the conjugations of wake and woke ?
1 What is the longest English word ?
3 Who manufactures the software , `` PhotoShop '' ?
1 What tennis term is said to come from the French word for egg ?
5 What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?
0 What is leukemia ?
3 Who created Dennis the Menace ?
3 Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?
3 Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?
1 What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
3 What creative genius said : `` Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
5 Of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` The Simpsons '' ?
4 Which country is the largest country in Latin America ?
3 What group kidnaped Patricia Hearst ?
4 Where can I get information on the original 13 US colonies ?
5 How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution ?
3 What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?
4 What 's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind ?
1 What does Knight Ridder publish ?
1 What nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?
0 What is moxie ?
0 What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?
0 What is sonar ?
5 How long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
0 Colin Powell is most famous for what ?
1 What is the primary language of the Philippines ?
3 What composer was awarded the Medal of Honor by Franklin D. Roosevelt ?
4 Where can I buy a pony on the Big Island for my daughter ?
4 What city has the world 's longest subway system ?
0 What ever happened to the once popular Yale Lock Company ?
5 When was the De Beers company founded ?
3 What actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of Life ?
5 How much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
1 What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
3 Who painted Mother and Child ?
0 What is the meaning of Jesus ?
1 What animal has the best hearing ?
0 How does a copier work ?
3 What 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?
3 Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?
1 What 's played at Wembley Stadium , London , every May ?
4 Tell me what city the Kentucky Horse Park is near ?
1 What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?
1 What was another name for East Germany ?
1 What brand of white rum is still made in Cuba ?
5 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
0 How do you reference a website ?
0 What is a virtual IP address ?
3 What two commanders directed the forces in the Battle of El Alamein ?
0 What is a courier ?
3 Who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military Joint Chiefs of Staff ?
0 What is habeas corpus ?
1 What delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
3 Who was the first American citizen awarded the Albert Medal of the Society of Arts ?
1 What does Visine get out ?
4 What famed river was Hernando de Soto the first European to see ?
3 Who created the comic strip , `` Garfield '' ?
0 How is silk screening done ?
0 How do you do a topic outline ?
5 What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?
3 Who is the Voyager project manager ?
1 What killed Bob Marley ?
1 What was the favorite sport of Tom Wolfe 's The Pump House Gang ?
3 Name the creator of `` The Muppets '' .
0 What is phosphorus ?
0 What is capitalism according to Max Weber ?
3 Which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on Hollywood Boulevard ?
1 In AD 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?
1 What class of animals makes up more than two-thirds of known species ?
1 What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27 ?
1 In Hemingway 's `` Old Man and the Sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?
0 What 's a short ton ?
0 Where do chihuahuas come from ?
1 What dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
0 What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?
5 When was Queen Victoria born ?
0 How do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
0 What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett ' ?
5 How loud is thunder ?
4 What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
3 What Nobel laureate was expelled from the Philippines before the conference on East Timor ?
5 How many events make up the decathlon ?
4 What European city do Nicois live in ?
0 What is cryogenics ?
0 Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
1 In Beetle Bailey , can you name Sarge 's dog ?
3 What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?
0 What are a baseball team 's firemen ?
0 What is the song Stairway to Heaven by Led Zeppelin about ?
4 What county is Phoenix , AZ in ?
5 How fast is light ?
3 What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?
4 What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .
0 Why are so many umbrellas black ?
4 What part of Britain comprises the Highlands , Central Lowlands , and Southern Uplands ?
0 What is Remembrance Day all about ?
0 How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world ?
0 What does Las Vegas mean ?
3 What character did Tex Avery first create upon arriving at MGM ?
1 What are different products of petroleum ?
5 How much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?
0 What is osteoporosis ?
5 How many gallons of water go over Niagra Falls every second ?
3 Who is the mayor of Marbella ?
4 What country borders the most others ?
1 What TV quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of Vera Lynn 's We 'll Meet Again ?
4 Where did the world come from ?
5 What day of the week was July 13 ?
0 Why are haunted houses popular ?
4 What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?
5 How many of them are in sub-Saharan Africa ?
1 What gender is not allowed to vote in Kuwait ?
3 What son of a 15-year-old Mexican girl and a half-Irish father became the world 's most famous Greek ?
3 Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
1 What is a fear of women ?
1 What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
3 Who is Pia Zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
0 What have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
0 What is deconstructionism ?
0 What is an atom ?
5 What is average salary of restaurant manager in United States ?
0 What causes asthma ?
4 Where did Howard Hughes die ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
3 Who invented the horoscope ?
1 What is the main language of Sao Paulo , Brazil ?
1 What is the money they use in Zambia ?
4 Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
1 What is the name of the Family Circus 's dog ?
1 What does Salk vaccine prevent ?
4 What are all the southern states of the U.S. ?
1 What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
4 What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?
5 How many dollars a day did Arthur Frommer say you could get by on in Europe in 1968 ?
0 How does the car in `` Christine '' become possessed ?
4 What constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
5 What are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
2 What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
4 What are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
1 What is a fear of being cold ?
1 Name a medicine commonly used to combat AIDS ?
3 Who did Richard Nixon tender his resignation to ?
4 What London street is the home of British journalism ?
3 Which U.S. President is buried in Washington , D.C. ?
0 How did Socrates die ?
0 What revelation did Alexander Butterfield make to the Senate Watergate committee ?
0 What does `` Sitting Shiva '' mean ?
5 How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
1 What was Mark Johnson referring to when he said : `` I still can 't believe it- we beat the Russians ? ''
0 What is a person 's socioeconomic position ?
4 Where was chop suey invented ?
4 What 's the only East european country not tied to the ruble ?
0 What is the origin of the peace symbol ?
4 What river runs through Liverpool ?
5 How much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
0 What is idealab ! ?
0 What is Cabarnet Sauvignon ?
1 What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of ?
5 What percentage of Americans own their homes ?
1 What are the five basic swimming strokes ?
3 Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
5 How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
3 Who was the first vice president of the U.S. ?
2 What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
1 What is a fear of food ?
0 What is the 401 , K , plan ?
0 How does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
3 Name the tree growing company .
3 What is the first personal computer company ?
1 What is a fear of disease ?
1 What is a golf ball made of ?
3 What university was Woodrow Wilson President of ?
5 What is the salary of a U.S. Representative ?
3 Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?
5 How many chairs are shown in Vincent Van Gogh 's 188 work The Artist 's Room in Arles ?
3 Who created Billy Pilgrim , a survivor of the Dresden firestorm ?
1 What 's the U.S. Navy hymn ?
0 Where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
3 What television network flogged its sports programming on Inga Nielsen 's body in 197 ?
1 What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium ?
1 What 's the traditional drink at the Kentucky Derby ?
3 Who is the prime minister of Australia ?
1 What basketball maneuver did Bert Loomis invent ?
4 Where is the Orange Bowl ?
3 What Civil War general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through Georgia on his way to the sea ?
5 What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
1 Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
1 What was the name of the first U.S. satellite sent into space ?
0 What do the red-and-white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
3 Name of scholar on whose literal translations from the Chinese and Japanese Ezra Pound depended ?
5 For how long is an elephant pregnant ?
5 How many varieties of apple are there ?
1 What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka ?
0 Where does `` bovine '' come from ?
5 What is the regular price ?
1 The corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
4 Kosovo is a province of what country ?
3 Whose husbands have included Conrad Hilton Jr. , and Michael Wilding ?
5 How many years old is Benny Carter ?
5 How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?
5 What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
5 How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
4 In what nation is Edessa located nowadays ?
3 Who gave Abbie Hoffman his first dose of LSD ?
3 What does Larry King do for a living ?
3 What is Rona Barrett 's married name ?
0 What is office automation ?
5 What are the numbers that fit into Fermont 's last theorem ?
0 What is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
1 What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' ?
0 What is a gas release event ?
4 What state is Niagara Falls located in ?
1 Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
3 What government department did The Untouchables work for ?
4 What U.S. state ends with a G ?
0 How do I love thee ?
3 Who lived on the shores of the Gitchee Gumee River ?
2 What is DSL ?
5 How many cherubs are there on a Trivial Pursuit board ?
5 How many people in the world speak French ?
1 What is the Jewish bible called ?
1 What is the active ingredient in baking soda ?
3 What comedian was banned from the Ed Sullivan Show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
0 What is Doegs ?
3 What mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
3 Who invented the calculator ?
0 What is the Lost Colony ?
3 What ISPs exist in the Caribbean ?
1 Which airplane did Fawaz Younis hijack ?
4 What South American country won its first World Cup soccer title in 1978 ?
3 What person 's head is on a dime ?
0 What does target heart rate mean ?
3 What name did football 's New York Titans adopt in 1963 ?
5 How many were in attendance at the Last Supper ?
1 What is a fear of pregnancy ?
0 What 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
4 Where is Dartmouth College ?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
0 What is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
0 What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
3 Who developed potlatch ?
1 What book is subtitled The Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life ?
4 Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
1 Which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?
1 What was the sequel to The Pink Panther ?
4 What planet did Percival Lovell discover ?
3 Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory ?
5 How many miles are there between Tel Aviv , Israel and Memphis , Tennessee ?
1 What is the fear of cockroaches called ?
5 What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America , ?
1 What colors is magenta made of ?
0 How does an abacus work ?
1 What is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
1 What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?
4 What volcano showers ash on Sicily ?
4 What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
0 What is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
1 How do you say `` Grandma '' in Irish ?
1 What device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
4 Jackson Pollock is of what nationality ?
5 How many miles is it from London , England to Plymouth , England ?
4 What is California 's capital ?
3 Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?
4 Where is Los Vegas ?
0 What is ouzo ?
0 What is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
0 What was the Chivington Massacre ?
1 Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?
0 What does caliente mean , in English ?
1 In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?
5 How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
3 Who was the first host of Person to Person ?
3 What army 's motto is Blood and Fire ?
4 Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. ?
1 What is another name for vitamin B1 ?
1 What do you call a word that is spelled the same backwards and forwards ?
1 What is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the Marvel Universe ?
3 What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
3 What cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
4 Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?
3 What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
4 What planet is known as the `` red '' planet ?
1 What was the first TV set to include a remote control ?
4 In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?
0 What is measured in curies ?
4 What city was Martin Luther King Jr. assassinated in ?
0 What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
4 What U.S. state lived under six flags ?
4 What were the cities of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
2 What does NAFTA stand for ?
1 What plants are found in an estuary ?
5 What is the average weight of a Yellow Labrador ?
5 When did they canonize the Bible ?
3 Who was the king who signed the Magna Carta ?
1 What was the education system in the 1960 's ?
0 Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
1 What is Chiricahua the name of ?
1 What magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
3 What did the Seven Dwarfs do for a living ?
1 What was the non-fiction best-seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?
3 Who were the Picts ?
2 What is LMDS ?
4 What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line ?
1 What does the policeman become in the Canadian edition of Monopoly ?
0 What are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
5 How long does it take to travel from Tokyo to Niigata ?
4 In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought ?
5 How many quarters equal a pound ?
3 What organization is the Security Council a part of ?
3 Who was the actor who played Sam in the movie Casablanca ?
5 What year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
5 How many Americans have HIV ?
5 What is the diameter of a golf ball ?
1 What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
3 Who wrote : `` Poems are made by fools like me but only God can make a tree '' ?
5 How many airline schools are there in the U.S. ?
0 What is Head Start ?
5 How many people are taller than 7 feet ?
1 What is a fear of money ?
3 What director made one silent and one sound version of The Ten Commandments ?
1 What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing ?
4 Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
4 What city was Bobby Kennedy assassinated in ?
5 How many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
5 How much iron is in your body ?
4 What sea separates Naples and Algiers ?
0 Why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
0 What does the name Melissa mean ?
1 What book did Aaron Hass write ?
0 What is Jane Goodall famous for ?
3 Who is the head of the World Bank ?
5 Approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
3 Who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
5 What is the conversion rate between dollars and pounds ?
4 Where is the Taj Mahal ?
4 What city is near the mouth of the Amazon ?
1 What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
0 What is a caul ?
3 What French ruler was defeated at the battle of Waterloo ?
5 What brand number graces the black label of a bottle of Jack Daniel 's ?
4 In what county is Eckley Colorado ?
1 What type of betting is used in horse racing ?
1 What 's destroyed in Genesis 19 : 24 ?
5 When was CNN 's first broadcast ?
1 What is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?
1 What color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
4 What is the largest lake in North America ?
4 What country did King Wenceslas rule ?
0 How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
3 Who was the 15th century fire-and-brimstone monk who gained control of Florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
1 What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge ?
5 What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?
0 What is federal income tax ?
3 Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?
0 What is a meerkat ?
0 What was archy , and mehitabel ?
1 What was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at Sea World ?
4 Where is the Grand Canyon ?
3 Who developed the first polio vaccine ?
0 What personality traits are Capricorns said to have ?
1 What were the achievements of Richard Nixon ?
1 What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
3 George Bush purchased a small interest in which baseball team ?
5 How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?
1 Which is the best opening move in chess ?
0 Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 software so successful ?
5 What is the fare cost for the round trip between New York and London on Concorde ?
1 What are the two types of twins ?
1 What is the heaviest naturally occurring element ?
3 What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?
4 Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?
5 How many sonnets did Shakespeare write ?
0 What were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
0 What prompted the co-pilot of the Enola Gay to enter only `` My God '' in his log ?
1 What meter did Shakespeare use in writing : `` To be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?
3 Who was Galileo ?
4 What is George Lucas 's e-mail address ?
3 What female faith healer wrote the inspirational book I Believe in Miracles ?
4 Where is the Lourve ?
3 Who is Nicolo Paganini ?
3 What female suspect in the game of Clue is single ?
1 What is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as : involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc. ?
1 What is the name of a book written by Aaron Hass ?
0 What is the origin of the rock band Led Zeppelin 's name ?
0 How do I keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
3 Who did the Seven Mules block for ?
0 How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower ?
0 What are the seven virtues ?
1 What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
5 What year did the Andy Griffith show begin ?
5 What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
1 What Aesop 's fable has the moral : `` The race is not always to the swift. Slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
0 How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
0 What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?
0 What is a neurosurgeon ?
1 What kinds of animals are in Cambodia ?
3 What English queen had six fingers on one hand ?
4 What country are you visiting if you land at President Duvalier Airport ?
4 What 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?
5 On which date is the Ukrainians ' Christmas ?
4 What country is bounded in part by the Indian Ocean and Coral and Tasman seas ?
1 What is a fear of cholera ?
0 How do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? Will bee eggs remain over winter ?
1 What were first used by John L. Sullivan and James J. Corbett in 1892 ?
3 Who did Sara Jane Moore try to assassinate ?
0 How can you become an FBI agent ?
3 Who was the tallest U.S. president ?
3 Who wrote the bestselling Missionary Travels and Researches in South Africa , published in 1857 ?
5 How old is Benny Carter ?
0 What is it like to experience a near death episode ?
3 Which of the following people is not associated with Andy Warhol ?
5 What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
4 What country did the Nile River originate in ?
3 Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?
4 Where is McCarren Airport located ?
1 What is the nickname of the Cleveland Indians ?
5 What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
3 Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
0 What is home equity ?
5 How many continents are there ?
5 What is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an NHL hockey game ?
5 How many trees go into paper making in a year ?
5 What is the date of Mexico 's independence ?
4 Where can one find Mozambique ?
1 Mississippi is nicknamed what ?
3 Name Alvin 's brothers
1 What 1942 espionage movie reunited director John Huston with Maltese Falconers Humphrey Bogart , Mary Astor , and Sidney Greenstreet ?
5 When is the summer solstice ?
4 What sea is Bombay on ?
0 What nuclear process takes place in an H-bomb ?
4 Where did Victor Hugo spend his exile ?
4 Where can I get information about cystic fibrosis ?
5 When was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
0 What is a thyroid ?
3 Who markets Spaghetti-o 's ?
5 How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth 's gravity ?
3 Who wrote Unsafe at Any Speed ?
0 What made the short-lived Star Hawks strip so unique ?
3 Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .
3 Who invented the fax machine ?
0 What are semiconductors ?
4 Where is the Little League Museum ?
3 What actor dressed up as Santa Claus and had a once-a-year affair with actress Shelley Winters every Christmas for many years ?
5 How many chemical elements are there ?
5 How much did Manchester United spend on players in 1993 ?
0 How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
5 How much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
5 How much does one ton of cement cost ?
5 When was the first steel mill in the United States built ?
2 What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
1 Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
3 What is the most common name ?
1 What is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
4 What country contains Africa 's northernmost point ?
2 What does NASA stand for ?
0 What is ethylene ?
4 Where is McCarren Airport ?
5 When did Israel begin turning the Gaza Strip and Jericho over to the PLO ?
0 What is literary criticism ?
3 Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
3 What is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in Top Cat 's neighborhood ?
1 What does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?
3 Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?
4 In which state would you find the Catskill Mountains ?
0 What is Java ?
0 What are the current immigration laws in US ?
0 What is the theory of equivalence states ?
3 What member of The Little Rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in Darla Hood ?
0 How does a rainbow form ?
1 What was the name of Captain Bligh 's ship ?
3 Who wrote the sci-fi trilogy Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation ?
0 What is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
1 What are some ways to help someone with Chicken Pox ?
3 Who won the rugby world cup in ?
0 What does seccession mean ?
1 What songs were popular in 1948 ?
5 What is the world population as of today ?
3 Who starred with Charlie Chaplin in Modern Times and The Great Dictator ?
3 What comedian created a punch-drunk pugilist named Cauliflower McPugg ?
3 Who is the prime minister of Japan ?
4 What river runs through Liverpool ?
1 What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?
3 What baseball player was known as Charley Hustle ?
5 How long does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
4 What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?
0 What is a cullion ?
3 Who was the second person ever to wear Iron Man 's armor ?
0 What are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
4 What square is the geographical center of London ?
3 What Dynasty star made her 2th Century-Fox debut in The Virgin Queen ?
5 How many fiddlers did Old King Cole have ?
3 Which radio stations air the Jim Bohannon Radio Talk Show ?
4 Where is Webster University ?
4 What is the nickname of Pennsylvania ?
3 Who was the first woman governor in the U.S. ?
1 Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
1 What four tournaments make up tennis ' Grand Slam ?
0 How does ultraviolet light damage the DNA of skin cells ?
5 What is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
0 How can people from Ireland come to the U.S. , work , and then return to Ireland ?
5 How long ago was the Roe vs. Wade decision by the Supreme Court ?
5 What was Thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
4 What city was John F. Kennedy nominated for president in ?
0 What causes tuberculosis ?
0 What is foreclosure ?
0 Why do we have to go to school ?
0 What causes gray hair ?
0 What do economists do ?
5 How long is the Columbia River in miles ?
0 What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?
4 Where is Rider College ?
1 To get the most caffeine , what soda should I drink ?
1 What is the major fault line near Kentucky ?
3 What is a person called that likes fire ?
5 What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
4 What river flows past the Temple of Karnak ?
5 How long is the Coney Island boardwalk ?
0 How do I tie dye clothes ?
0 What is a gandy dancer ?
5 What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
4 What country boasts the southernmost point in continental Europe ?
3 What group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the Stonewall , a Greenwich Village gay bar ?
4 Where is the oldest living thing on earth ?
5 What date did man first land on the moon ?
1 What animals acted as lapwarmers for American colonists in church ?
1 What is the fastest-growing comic strip of all time ?
0 How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia ?
5 How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy 's to say `` Where 's the beef '' ?
5 What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?
4 What continent pushes up the Executive Committee mountain range ?
5 How many people died in the Vietnam war ?
5 How tall was the animated King Kong ?
3 Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?
5 When did World War I start ?
4 Where can I find information on George Bush ?
1 What color is indigo ?
1 When it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
3 Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?
0 How do clouds form ?
1 What is a fear of odors , body , ?
5 How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
4 Where are diamonds mined ?
4 Which one of the Great Lakes is entirely within U.S. territory ?
5 What is the population of Nigeria ?
5 How wide is the Milky Way galaxy ?
4 What countries earn the most from tourism ?
1 In what book can I find the story of Aladdin ?
1 What chocolate bar created by Frank Mars and his wife is often called a Milky Way with peanuts ?
3 Which organization is the Security Council a part of ?
3 Who invented television ?
3 What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for ?
5 How many Fig Newtons are there to the pound ?
2 What does CPR stand for ?
5 In South Korea , how many American Soldiers are there ?
4 What Caribbean island is northeast of Trinidad ?
3 Who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
5 How long ago did the Anglican church part from the Vatican ?
5 What is the population of the largest Chilean city
1 What Morris West novel deals with Russian bishop who becomes Pope ?
1 What was the name of the U.S. 's first manned space program ?
5 How many websites are there in the world ?
0 What is hydroelectricity ?
0 What is hyperopia ?
5 How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
4 Where was Pythagoras born ?
0 Why do airliners crash vs. gliding down ?
0 What causes someone to be ticklish ?
4 What Russian city used to be called St. Petersburg and Petrograd ?
4 In what part of Africa is Mozambique located ?
0 What is the meaning of the name Ella ?
3 What U.S. Air Force general led the first bombing raid over Tokyo ?
0 How can someone become a federal agent ?
0 What is a hydrogen bond ?
3 What labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a Michigan restaurant ?
0 Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
1 In what ways did Ivan IV support Russian expansion ?
1 What is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
0 What is the `` fourth dimension '' ?
0 What are the alveoli ?
4 Name an art gallery in New York .
4 Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?
5 When was Dick Clark born ?
3 Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?
1 What common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?
3 Who created Big Ben ?
1 What cancer is commonly associated with AIDS ?
5 When did the Carolingian period begin ?
5 When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' ?
1 What is the largest sculpture in the world ?
1 What kind of dog was Toto in the Wizard of Oz ?
3 What did Jesse Jackson organize ?
1 What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?
0 What is the Amish religion ?
4 Where are the busiest ports in the world ?
3 What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?
1 What did Tristan come back as ?
3 What was the name given the 6 , 500 German airforce troops that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise ?
4 Where can I find the history of the Taiwanese language ?
4 What New England state carries the telephone area code 27 ?
1 What is glass made of ?
5 How long would it take for a $ savings bond to mature ?
5 What is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
5 What year was the Mona Lisa painted ?
3 Who is the leader of Brunei ?
4 What are the Benelux countries ?
5 How many mines can still be found in the Falklands after the war ended ?
1 What are the 28 tenses in the English language ?
0 How do I know if I 'm jealous of someone ?
1 What is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
4 Where can I find information on the cyclone that hit New Jersey on 8/28/1941 ?
0 What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
1 What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
5 How many people were executed for Abraham Lincoln 's assassination ?
3 Who killed JFK ?
5 On what date did Rosa Parks Become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
1 What kind of a sports team is the Wisconsin Badgers ?
4 Where can I get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
1 What is one of the languages of the Sioux ?
0 How does a glacier form ?
1 What four tastes can a human distinguish ?
5 How many cards is each player dealt in Contract Bridge ?
0 What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
3 What group asked the musical question Do You Believe in Magic ?
5 When was Yemen reunified ?
1 What kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
1 What is plastic made of ?
0 What is deadrise , nautical , ?
4 Where is Burma ?
3 Who is Dear Abby ?
0 What is the difference between college and graduate school ?
0 What is hydrogen ?
0 Where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
4 What is the highest continent ?
1 What Don McLean song laments the day Buddy Holly died ?
0 What is Occam 's Razor ?
0 How do microwaves work ?
0 What is `` dew point '' ?
5 How far is Pluto from the sun ?
0 How do I start a bank ?
3 Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz ?
1 What comic strip sometimes features a mailman named Beasley ?
0 What is the distinction of Erle Stanley Gardner 's The Case of the Terrified Typist ?
3 What is the Viking Prince 's first name ?
0 What are solar cells ?
1 What words in the English have two u 's back to back ?
1 What 's the most popular form of bridge ?
5 What is the population of Seattle ?
1 What 's the official animal of Canada ?
0 Why is Thanksgiving on a Thursday ?
0 What is home banking ?
0 What is the definition of the Scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
1 What does a chef coddle eggs in ?
1 What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?
5 How many millimeters are in a mile ?
0 What causes headaches ?
5 When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
1 What are the first six words of Dickens 's A Tale of Two Cities ?
3 What is the name of Dolly Parton 's rarely seen husband ?
1 What is the name given to a group of geese ?
3 Who is the Prime Minister of Canada ?
0 How can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
0 What is a panic disorder ?
3 Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?
1 What does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
1 What did a 16th-century Aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
0 What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?
0 How did names come about ?
1 What Muhammad Ali maneuver was George Foreman the first victim of ?
3 Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
5 How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII ?
4 What two countries ' coastlines border the Bay of Biscay ?
0 What is the effect of acid rain ?
3 Which presidents of the USA were Masons ?
3 Who was the inventor of the stove ?
0 What is swap math ?
4 What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north ?
0 What will happen when sodium is put in water ?
5 How many school districts are there in the United States ?
4 Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
1 What was spawned the term `` MiG Alley '' ?
4 Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
0 How do hermit crabs reproduce ?
1 What did the Chinese emperor present to the English soldier Gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
1 What does it take to be a hero ?
1 What do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9-8-98 ?
3 What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri ?
1 What is Hawaii 's state flower ?
0 What is mad cow disease ?
3 Whose first presidential order was : `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
3 What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus ?
3 Who portrayed Dracula in Hammer Studios ' films ?
5 How long did it take Stanley to find Livingstone ?
1 What drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?
5 How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?
3 Who invented the slinky ?
3 Who is the prophet of the religion of Islam ?
0 What is white chocolate ?
3 Who is Colin Powell ?
1 What happened on January 15 , 1969 ?
1 What are the 7 Wonders of the World ?
0 What is a geoscientist ?
1 What is the most popular sport in Japan ?
1 What did the Yalta Conference lead to ?
4 What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
5 What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?
0 What is the cause of endangered species ?
0 What is e-commerce ?
5 How old was the youngest president of the United States ?
1 What chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
4 What is the principal river of Ireland ?
4 Where is the Henry Ford Museum ?
1 What animal do buffalo wings come from ?
0 How was the Kennedy money made ?
1 What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons ?
5 What is the busiest air travel season ?
3 Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?
0 In the song `` Yankee Doodle , '' why did Yankee Doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
1 What is the full classification of a lady bug ?
0 How can I get started in writing for television ?
1 What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
0 How does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
3 What was J.F.K. 's wife 's name ?
1 What was the first Lifesaver flavor ?
4 What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
5 How far is Yaroslavl from Moscow ?
1 What does caliente translate to in English ?
5 What is Maurizio Pellegrin 's age ?
5 When was General Manuel Noriega ousted as the leader of Panama and turned over to U.S. authorities ?
0 What are sunspots ?
2 What does EKG stand for ?
3 Silly putty was invented by whom ?
3 What was Mao 's second name ?
0 What are some children 's rights ?
3 Who was the lyricist and who was the composer between Gilbert and Sullivan ?
4 What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
3 Who 's the only president buried in Washington
1 In Kafka 's Metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
4 What river flows between Fargo , North Dakota and Moorhead , Minnesota ?
3 Who is the owner of CNN ?
5 How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .
1 What is a fear of hell ?
3 What chain store is headquartered in Bentonville , Arkansas ?
4 What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?
4 What is the seafaring name for the southern tip of South America ?
4 What famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?
0 What is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
3 What manufacturers are there in Texas ?
1 What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
4 Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal ?
3 Who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
5 How many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35-millimeter film have ?
3 What National League baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
3 Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
0 Why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
3 What doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
3 Who lived in the Neuschwanstein castle ?
4 What desert has the highest sand dunes ?
3 What is the name of the American who was captured when his plane went down over Syrian-held Lebanon ?
5 When did French revolutionaries storm the Bastille ?
4 What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?
4 Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college ?
5 How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000 ?
0 What is prepared mustard ?
5 What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?
0 What does a defibrillator do ?
4 What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?
5 How many members are in the California congressional delegation ?
3 What famous model was married to Billy Joel ?
0 Why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
1 What are the languages spoken by the natives in Afghanistan ?
1 What product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
1 What is the first book of the Old Testament ?
3 Who was the first US President to ride in an automobile to his inauguration ?
0 What is an ecological niche ?
0 How does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse ' .
3 Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
1 What currency is used in Algeria ?
0 What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
4 What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?
1 What color is yak milk ?
3 What position did Willie Davis play in baseball ?
4 Where can I find detailed information about Manchukuo ?
3 What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?
1 What is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
1 What layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?
0 What kind of greeting is appropriate to send on Yom Kippur ?
4 Where can I get U.S. economic statistics ?
0 What is the history of skateboarding ?
5 How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
3 What kind of company is 7-Eleven ?
5 How many maids were milking ?
3 Who earns their money the hard way ?
1 What Michelangelo sculpture is in Saint Peter 's Cathedral , Basilica , ?
4 What continent is Egypt on ?
4 Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?
0 How do I find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
1 What are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
3 Who is considered The First Lady of the American Stage ?
5 When was China 's first nuclear test ?
3 In what high-risk business venture did Jimmy the Greek bet and lose ?
0 How is Paraguay for vacations ?
1 What letter appears on the cold-water tap in Spain ?
1 What magazine paid Ernest Hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
0 What is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
3 Name the two youngsters saved by the animated Moby Dick .
1 What is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
5 What is the average life expectancy of a male in Ireland in 1996 ?
3 What two baseball players make up the battery ?
3 Who was Israel 's first prime minister ?
4 What is the tallest building in Japan ?
4 What French seaport claims to be The Home of Wines ?
5 What will the increase be in the California gas tax by 2000 ?
1 What dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?
3 What card company sells Christmas ornaments ?
1 What is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?
0 What was Nine Tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?
0 What is a turnkey contract ?
3 Who was Thucydides ?
4 What California bay 's largest island is Angel Island ?
3 What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?
0 What is a hormone ?
1 What shape-shifting menace did Rom come to Earth to fight ?
1 What are the components of polyester ?
0 What was Al Capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?
3 Who was the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
3 What attorney-general ordered the closing of Alcatraz ?
0 What is an annotated bibliography ?
4 What populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
5 How many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
3 What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?
5 How many watts make a kilowatt ?
5 What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
5 How much fiber should you have per day ?
3 Rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
3 What information can you tell me about actor James Cromwell ?
1 What color beans did the ancient Romans refuse to eat ?
0 What does Aaron mean ?
4 What country was Brian Boru an 11th-century king of ?
2 What is BPH ?
0 What is peyote ?
4 What U.S. state does the Continental Divide leave to enter Canada ?
3 What jockey won 17 Triple Crown races ?
4 What state was Herbert Hoover born in ?
3 What was the name of `` The Muppets '' creator ?
5 When was the battle of the Somme fought ?
0 What are the Greek numerals ?
1 Which airplane was Fawaz Younis convicted of hijacking ?
1 What European race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
4 What city is served by Logan International Airport ?
5 What is the earth 's diameter ?
0 What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
0 What is an auto-commentary ?
3 Name the university of which Woodrow Wilson was president .
0 What is the literal meaning of `` D-DAY '' ?
3 Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' ?
5 How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
0 What 's the difference and advantages of selecting a Super VHS VCR over plain VHS model ?
3 Who is the congressman from state of Texas on the armed forces committee ?
3 Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?
3 Who was the first governor of West Virginia ?
1 What Mary Tyler Moore Show regular came into the world as Tadeus Wladyslaw Konopka ?
5 What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?
1 How do you say `` eat the day '' in Latin ?
1 Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?
5 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
5 When is a woman most fertile ?
3 What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .
4 Where is Santa Lucia ?
0 What is Toulmin logic ?
5 When did the Berlin Wall go up ?
5 How many people live in Tokyo ?
0 How was the ACLU formed ?
0 What is the secret of the universe ?
0 How does a parachute work ?
5 When did Spain and Korea start ambassadorial relations ?
4 Name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` Gulliver 's Travels . ''
1 Which is a real berry : blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?
0 What does your spleen do ?
0 What is the history of yo-yos ?
0 What 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
0 What happens when a body part falls asleep ?
3 What President was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?
3 Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?
3 Who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
5 How much did Mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
1 What 's the largest U.S. agricultural crop by weight ?
0 What characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
0 What does hazmat stand for ?
5 When was Hurricane Hugo ?
1 What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito ?
1 What can communications satellites offer yachts ?
5 How many athletes did Puerto Rico enter in the 1984 Winter Olympics ?
3 Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay ?
5 In what year was the cannon invented ?
0 How do I know someone is truly in love with me ?
1 What is after death ?
0 What is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
5 How many times can a nickel-cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
0 What is a swatch ?
0 What does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
5 How often are brain cells replaced ?
0 What is the medical condition of hypertension ?
1 What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays ?
0 How did Jayne Mansfield die ?
0 What is Compaq 's mission statement ?
3 Who created the Fantastic Four , Hulk , and Thor ?
0 What do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
4 What state has the longest Great Lakes shoreline ?
1 What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar ?
3 What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?
1 How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish ?
1 What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
0 What is amitriptyline ?
5 What is the temperature today ?
4 Where 's the Bernini-Bristol Hotel ?
5 How hot should the oven be when making Peachy Oat Muffins ?
0 What is thalassemia ?
4 What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered ?
5 How many different languages are spoken in Europe ?
0 What are Quaaludes ?
1 What do bicornate animals have two of ?
1 What did Jimmy Stewart invent ?
3 What famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
0 What does Elysium mean ?
2 What does IQ stand for ?
1 What color of Monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
0 What is fibromyalgia ?
1 What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
0 What does `` E Pluribus Unum '' on the penny mean ?
1 What 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?
4 What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
1 What James Michener book is subtitled Spanish Travels and Reflections ?
2 What is AFS ?
1 What is `` the great American family cereal '' ?
0 Why are lions called `` King of the Jungle '' ?
0 How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
0 What causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
2 What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?
1 What 's the No. 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
0 Where did marijuana come from ?
0 How do I give a good massage ?
5 What is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
5 How many islands make up Antigua ?
0 What does an echidna look like ?
0 What was unusual about Alexandra 's appearance in Josie and the Pussycats ?
4 Where is Perth ?
3 What Democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while Richard Nixon spoke from the caboose ?
4 What states do not have state income tax ?
3 What 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` Silence of the Lambs '' ?
1 What animal 's tail is called a brush ?
1 Name one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World .
5 How many points are there on a Backgammon board ?
0 What made Jane Goodall famous ?
3 What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?
0 What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
5 How much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
5 When is Bastille Day ?
5 What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
0 How do you stop junk snail mail ?
0 What is a dental root canal ?
4 What country is the largest diamond producer ?
4 Where is your corpus callosum ?
1 What 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
1 What 's the Southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
1 Which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking - its left rear or right rear leg ?
0 What is the definition of cosmology ?
0 What are dingoes ?
0 What are the Urals ?
3 Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa ?
1 What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
0 What are the Low Countries ?
0 What are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
0 What effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
1 What was the alternate to VHS ?
0 Where did the term fireplug come from ?
5 What was the target rate for M3 growth in 1992 ?
1 What meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first TV dinner ?
0 What is Australia Day ?
4 What London museum features a Chamber of Horrors ?
3 What kind of organization is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
0 How does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
0 What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?
5 How many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?
0 What is graduate school ?
3 What enigmatic U.S. vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the West ?
1 What color is Chablis ?
1 What color , s , appear on boxes of Kodak film ?
5 When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
0 How do I check if my modem is v.9 compatible ?
1 What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?
3 What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
4 What 's the oldest capital city in the Americas ?
4 What island group is Guadalcanal a part of ?
3 What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?
3 What school does Tom attend in Tom Brown 's School Days ?
1 What 's the most popular form of gambling with women in Las Vegas ?
5 How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
0 Why did David Koresh ask the FBI for a word processor ?
5 When did Hitler come to power in Germany ?
1 What primary colors do you mix to make orange ?
5 How much electricity does the brain need to work ?
3 Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich ?
0 What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
0 What is the virus HIV ?
0 How do you find the area of a circle ?
0 What are manifest and latent function theories ?
5 How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?
3 Saddam Hussein was compared to whom by President Bush ?
1 What has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?
0 Describe the Long March .
1 What colors make up a rainbow ?
5 What is the murder rate in Windsor , Ontario ?
4 What is the habitat of the chickadee ?
3 Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
0 How can I find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in Massachusetts ?
0 What is mold ?
3 Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
0 How do you box train a cat ?
1 What did Jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?
3 Who was Red Grange ?
3 What New York Yankee was known as The Iron Horse ?
0 What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?
1 What is a synonym for aspartame ?
1 What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?
1 What is a fear of robbers ?
5 How many of every 10 members of the Rodeo Cowboys Association have never worked a ranch ?
5 What is the frequency of VHF ?
3 Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
0 What does laser stand for ?
4 What erupts every hour at Yellowstone National Park ?
0 Why was Washington , DC originally called District of Columbia ?
1 What does a collier mine ?
2 What does the acronym CPR mean ?
1 What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
0 What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?
0 What causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
1 In which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?
5 How many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in Edgar Degas 's 1886 painting The Tub ?
5 How many species of sharks are there ?
0 Why do men snore ?
3 What famous British actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
5 What is the federal minimum wage ?
4 What city in Florida is Sea World in ?
4 Where can I find book reviews of `` Turbulent Souls '' ?
4 What Scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge-connected islands ?
5 How many Marx Brothers were there ?
0 What is tyvek ?
3 Who was the first Prime Minister of Canada ?
0 How did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
3 What Hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the U.S. embassy 1956-1971 ?
4 What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
1 What William Makepeace Thackeray novel was made into a film by Stanley Kubrick ?
3 What British commander surrendered to George Washington at Yorktown in 1781 ?
1 What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
3 Who developed the vaccination against polio ?
1 What does an ashen-faced eidologist search out the existence of ?
4 What province is Edmonton located in ?
4 Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?
0 What is an Angelus ?
4 Where did guinea pigs originate ?
1 What is the only artery that carries blue blood from the heart to the lungs ?
5 When was Algeria colonized ?
5 How old was Elvis Presley when he died ?
1 What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
3 What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' ?
3 What company has built more than 2.5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?
4 What country is home to Heineken beer ?
5 How many varieties of twins are there ?
3 What has been the most common Christian name of U.S. presidents ?
4 Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie ?
3 Who played Sally Rogers on The Dick Van Dyke Show ?
1 What does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?
4 What U.S. state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
5 What number of American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
1 What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport ?
5 What are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
4 What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?
3 Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?
3 Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?
0 What is the root of all evil ?
0 What 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed Kappa Alpha Theta ?
4 What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
1 What are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
5 When was the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin built ?
3 Which police department made the all-time biggest cocaine bust in Ventura County ?
0 What does the dot on the letter i mean ?
3 Who wrote `` The Divine Comedy '' ?
3 What onetime member of Ronald Reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward Indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
0 What is D.B. Cooper known for ?
0 What is genocide ?
5 How many sides does an obelisk have ?
3 What are the names of Jack 's original roommates on Three 's Company ?
1 What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
1 What are the various ways in which one can measure IT User Satisfaction Level ?
0 What is a biosphere ?
1 What is Shirley MacLaine known as ?
5 How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes ?
0 What are the requirements for becoming a citizen of Australia ?
4 What is New England 's highest mountain ?
4 What Peruvian city is home to the mummified body of Francisco Pizarro ?
5 How much did the first Barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?
4 Name the country which Honecker lived in .
5 When was `` the Great Depression '' ?
3 What President dispatched a cruiser to carry Charles Lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
0 What is an antigen ?
3 Who invented the paper clip ?
5 How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
1 What English word has the most letters ?
1 What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
5 How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , ?
0 What are enzymes ?
3 Who won a Pulitzer Prize for his novel The Caine Mutiny ?
4 What U.S. state has an element named for it ?
4 Where was the first golf course in the United States ?
3 What civilization invented the arch ?
5 When were camcorders introduced in Malaysia ?
0 How can I gain access to a spy satelite ?
1 Italy is the largest producer of what ?
3 Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
4 Where is Natick ?
0 What is the contents of proposition 98 ?
5 What is the speed hummingbirds fly ?
3 Name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency .
5 What is the average hourly rate of American workers ?
1 What Russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the Napoleonic Wars ?
1 What is the fear of frogs ?
0 What is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
0 What is the circumorbital hematoma ?
0 What does the double-O indicate in 007 ?
1 What is a fear of night or darkness ?
3 Who is the Queen of Holland ?
3 What president kissed the Queen Mother on the lips ?
1 What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
5 How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?
1 What is the name of William Penn 's ship ?
4 Where can I find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand Japanese ?
5 How many people live in the Falklands ?
3 What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
0 What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
0 What 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
3 What two US biochemists won the Nobel Prize in medicine in 1992 ?
0 How do you measure earthquakes ?
4 Where is the Orinoco ?
0 What is die-casting ?
0 What is the chunnel ?
4 What U.S. state includes the San Juan Islands ?
0 What does the name Jenna mean ?
3 What famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera Hansel and Gretel ?
3 What two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
1 What kind of fruit is a Yellow Transparent ?
1 What color is the eight-ball in pocket billiards ?
3 Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century , which opened Janurary 1 , 1935 ?
1 What 1964 film introduced the song My Kind of Town ?
1 What was `` America 's recessed-filter cigarette '' ?
1 What 's another name for aspartame ?
0 What is time ?
0 Why is the development of space so important ?
5 What is the population of Ohio ?
4 What 's the capital of Taiwan ?
0 How do I contact answers.com ?
1 What hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?
1 Which Beatles disc cover honors the Rolling Stones ?
1 What is a fear of trees ?
4 What African capital is named for a U.S. president ?
1 What did the crocodile swallow in Peter Pan ?
3 Who wrote The Godfather ?
1 What star-faring race brought about the Inhumans on Marvel 's Earth ?
1 What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
0 What is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
5 How many calories are there in a glass of water ?
1 What is the best-selling television soundtrack of all time ?
5 When was Franklin D. Roosevelt stricken with polio ?
3 Who invented the road traffic cone ?
3 Who played the father on `` Charles in Charge '' ?
4 Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
1 What is the Taj Majal made of ?
3 Who is Ishmael in Moby Dick ?
1 What Triple Crown-winning horse took the 1973 Belmont Stakes by 31 lengths ?
3 What President served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
1 What must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?
3 Who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` Snow White and Seven Dwarfs '' ?
5 In what year did Joe DiMaggio compile his 56-game hitting streak ?
4 What is the website for the USA journal ?
2 What does the E stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
3 Who is the fastest guitarist ?
5 How much does a poodle weigh ?
1 What is a softball made of ?
0 What is the purpose of a car bra ?
1 What is the state flower of Michigan ?
5 How many American soldiers remain unaccounted from the Vietnam war ?
1 Name a stimulant .
4 What are the largest libraries in the US ?
1 What after-dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the George Jung noodle factory in Los Angeles ?
5 What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
1 What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear ?
1 What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
4 Where can I find the history of the Hungarian language ?
5 What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
4 Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?
1 What do penguins eat ?
1 What was a California prayer book to an Old West gambler ?
3 What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
5 When was the Battle of Hastings ?
1 What do flatfish eat ?
3 Who invented Trivial Pursuit ?
5 How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?
4 What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
1 What is the name of a Salt Lake City newspaper ?
0 Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
1 What 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
0 What is pasta ?
1 Name the French historical period during the reign of Napoleon III .
1 What 's the name of the tiger that advertises for Frosted Flakes cereal ?
4 What river runs through Colorado , Kansas , and Oklahoma ?
5 What is the number of American soldiers deployed to South Korea ?
0 What are amphibians ?
3 Who was Quetzalcoatl ?
1 What are Halloween 's colors ?
3 What are the four railways in Monopoly ?
3 Who accompanied Space Ghost on his missions ?
4 What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
1 What kind of guitar did Jimi Hendrix play ?
5 What season begins with the vernal equinox ?
3 What is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
1 What color are crickets ?
0 How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
1 What is the treatment for depression ?
3 Name 11 famous martyrs .
1 Who were John F. Kennedy 's dogs ?
3 What singer 's theme song was When the Moon Comes over the Mountain ?
3 Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
4 What country other than Germany invaded Poland in September 1939 ?
3 Who was Jane Goodall ?
1 What color is the stripe along each side of a Coho salmon ?
1 What fruit is Melba sauce made from ?
2 What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?
0 What is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
3 What was Darth Vader 's son named ?
0 What is a thermometer ?
1 What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight ?
4 What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis ?
3 What U.S. vice-president killed Alexander Hamilton in a duel ?
5 What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
1 What class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?
0 What is a Devo hat ?
0 What is porphyria ?
0 What is gymnophobia ?
2 What does JESSICA mean ?
0 What is Plc ?
1 What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?
1 Name the story by Chris Van Allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
3 What company is the largest Japanese ship builder ?
3 What did Andy Hardy 's father do for a living ?
3 Who invented the fountain ?
0 What does the term glory hole mean ?
3 Who said : `` The victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
1 What is the most frequently spoken language in the Netherlands ?
5 How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
1 What are the top vegetable crops in the world ?
5 How deep is a fathom ?
5 How much money did the Marcos steal from their country ?
4 What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
2 What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
4 What country 's northernmost city is Darwin ?
5 How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it ?
3 What painter popularized soup cans and Brillo soap pad boxes ?
3 Which U.S.A. president appeared on `` Laugh-In '' ?
3 What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house ?
5 What is the average hours per months spent online by AOL users ?
0 What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
0 How do you make a million bucks ?
5 How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
1 Name the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross .
0 What is digitalis ?
3 What are the top ten all-time money making NFL teams ?
0 What is Butterfield 8 in Butterfield 8 ?
4 What state in the United States covers the largest area ?
3 What National Basketball Association superstar told his story in Giant Steps ?
3 Who was the first U.S. president to appear on TV ?
4 Where is John Wayne airport ?
3 Whose funeral train traveled from Washington D.C. to Springfield , Illinois ?
3 Who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
4 What is Drew Barrymore 's email address ?
5 What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
5 What was the death toll at the eruption of Mount Pinatubo ?
5 What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
3 Who plays shortstop for Charlie Brown 's baseball team ?
1 What was the longest war in U.S. history ?
3 What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
3 What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
4 What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?
0 What is paracetamol ?
0 What is typhoid fever ?
1 What does a spermologer collect ?
5 What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
0 What is the origin of the atom ?
0 What is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
4 What state is Mount McKinley in ?
1 Which of the five senses develops first ?
1 What was the name of the flight that Fawaz Younis hijacked ?
3 What character in The Beverly Hillbillies has the given names Daisy Moses ?
3 Whose cupboard was bare ?
0 What is the meaning of the name Kathryn ?
2 What does the abbreviation SOS mean ?
4 What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?
3 What TV talk-show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
4 What country is famous for Persian rugs ?
0 What is the definition of spamming ?
5 How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
3 What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?
1 What 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?
5 How many questions are on this thing ?
1 Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?
5 How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid ?
3 What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?
1 What kind of mammal is a colt ?
1 What does El Nino mean in spanish ?
0 What is Archimedes famous for ?
4 What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
5 When did Jaco Pastorius die ?
1 What is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
1 What credit card features a centurion on its face ?
1 What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?
5 When was the Parthenon built ?
1 What card game can feature dealer 's choice ?
3 Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?
1 What do I call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
3 Who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?
4 What direction do the best surfing beaches face ?
4 What is the brightest star visible from Earth ?
2 What is SVHS ?
0 Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
4 What U.S. state comes last in an alphabetical list ?
1 What part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
4 What is the largest city in Connecticut ?
3 Who followed Caesar ?
5 When was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?
1 What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?
5 When was Christ born ?
0 How does psorisis disappear ?
4 What ocean was Amelia Earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
1 What 's the colored part of the eye called ?
4 Where in the United States do people live the longest ?
4 What country contains the highest point in South America ?
3 Who was the first American in space ?
2 What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?
4 Where is former Pro wrestler Johnny `` Rubber Man '' Walker ?
1 What is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
0 Why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
3 What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?
1 What kind of wine is Spumante ?
0 What is the origin of thank you notes ?
0 How do I change a file from an ART file to a JPEG or Bitmap file ?
5 How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
1 What colors need to be mixed to get the color pink ?
3 Who declared : `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
2 What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
3 Who wrote ` Dubliners ' ?
1 What war saw battles at Parrot 's Beak and Black Virgin ?
5 What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
0 What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?
1 What kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the NFL ?
1 What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
0 How do you address a Chinese person ?
0 How do you send a movie transcript to Hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
0 What is a `` False Moon '' ?
5 What is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
5 What is the goat population of the world ?
5 When was Ozzy Osbourne born ?
3 Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion ?
1 What letter adorns the flag of Rwanda ?
4 Where did the 6th annual meeting of Indonesia-Malaysia forest experts take place ?
1 What color are the castellated walls of the Kremlin ?
0 How can you be happy ?
5 What should the temperature be set at while baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
0 What does Venus Retrograde mean ?
1 What racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?
1 What sport do you shag flies in ?
1 What is the longest-running television series ?
5 What percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
3 What business exports the sparkling wine Spumante ?
3 Which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` Outstanding Mother Award '' from the National Mother 's Day Committee ?
3 What TV family sometimes buys eclairs from Nelson 's Bakery ?
0 How did U.S.A become involved in the Barbary Wars
4 What are all the rivers in Europe ?
3 Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?
4 Where is Ocho Rios ?
0 What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
5 How far is a nautical mile ?
3 Name the two blob members of the animated Herculoids .
4 What 's the name of a hotel in Indianapolis ?
1 What animal was the heat-seeking missile called the Sidewinder named for ?
5 How many wives did Brigham Young have ?
3 Who made the first airplane ?
5 How often are quadruplets born ?
0 What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?
3 What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
1 What type of polymer is used for bulletproof vests ?
5 How many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
3 What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle ?
1 What is a fear of crystals or glass ?
4 What state did the Battle of Bighorn take place in ?
1 What handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
3 Which king signed the Magna Carta ?
0 What is the Milky Way ?
5 How old is Britney Spears ?
5 How many horses are there on a polo team ?
1 What 's the easiest way to remove wallpaper ?
1 What 's the term for any four-sided figure ?
4 Where can I take a test that will tell me what I should be when I grow up ?
0 What is done with worn or outdated flags ?
3 Who is the prime minister in Norway ?
0 What is object-oriented design ?
5 How much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
5 What year did the NFL go on strike ?
1 What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?
3 What businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?
3 Who is Duke Ellington ?
3 What New Orleans D.A. claimed : `` My staff and I solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?
2 What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?
3 What famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
2 What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?
5 What is the date of Bastille Day ?
1 What two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
5 When was the first kidney transplant ?
3 What famous husband-and-wife team did radio ads for Blue Nun wine ?
0 Why was Curious George curious ?
1 Which came first , according to Genesis 1 : 2 : 22 - the chicken or the egg ?
3 What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine ?
1 What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole ?
5 What is President Nixon 's birthdate ?
1 What new games are available for Nintendo 64 ?
3 Who sought to create The Great Society ?
1 What is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?
5 When do MORMONS believe Christ was born ?
1 What is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
0 What is an eclipse ?
1 What kind of dog is Scooby Doo ?
5 How many hearts does an octopus have ?
1 What is a fear of motion ?
1 What is the most common cancer ?
0 What is the origin of music ?
4 Where is the largest dam in the world ?
0 What makes sperm ?
0 What 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
1 What is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
3 Who directed Citizen Kane ?
1 What keeps clouds in the air ?
0 What is carbon dioxide ?
1 What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' ?
3 Who invented the Moog Synthesizer ?
2 What does NASA stand for ?
5 How many cullions does a male have ?
0 What is proposition 98 about ?
4 What Kentucky city calls itself The Horse Center of America ?
0 What makes thunder ?
4 Where is the Savannah River ?
5 How much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
1 What is state tree of Nebraska ?
1 Aspartame is also called what ?
1 Name a flying mammal .
4 What 's the capital of Iowa ?
3 Who led the opposition when Konrad Adenauer was Chancellor in Germany ?
4 Where does the U.S. get most of its energy ?
0 What does the word `` opera '' mean ?
1 What is the name of the largest water conservancy project in China ?
4 What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?
0 What is the Bernoulli Principle ?
4 What European country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
5 How many people have been Captain America ?
3 Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' ?
4 Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series ?
3 The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?
0 What is the Moulin Rouge ?
5 How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
5 What is the frequency of VHF ?
1 What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?
3 Who told all in Ball Four ?
5 What year was Mozart born ?
0 What are the `` Star Wars '' satellites ?
3 What Frenchman claimed the following ? If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''
4 What landmark Italian restaurant can be found at 239 West 48th Street , New York City ?
4 What two Japanese cities are spelled with the letters K , O , O , T and Y ?
5 How many rings are there on a five-zone archery target ?
3 Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
4 What islands got their name from the Spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
3 What camera company said , `` If you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''
3 What British monarch 's lap did P.T. Barnum 's Tom Thumb sit in ?
1 What hymn did John Steinbeck get his title The Grapes of Wrath from ?
2 What does the abbreviation cwt. ?
0 What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
0 What is Garry Kasparov famous for ?
0 What is `` snoogans '' ?
1 What World War I battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
1 What was the first domesticated bird ?
4 What is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the U.S. right now ?
0 What is the origin of the Christmas tree ?
4 What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
3 Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' ?
4 What city is also known as `` The Gateway to the West '' ?
1 What is the rarest coin ?
5 How many bones are in the human hand ?
0 What is a handheld PC ?
0 What are snowballs to a hot-rodder ?
5 How many engines does a Boeing 737 have ?
3 When the Tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the U.S. , what moving company transported it ?
3 What was called the world 's largest department store ?
5 How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
0 What is barnstorming ?
3 Name the person who burst through the screen in the Lite beer commercials .
5 How far is the service line from the net in tennis ?
5 What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
0 How did water appear on the earth ?
1 What is the name of the song that Dracula plays on the organ ?
3 Who created the World Wide Web , WWW ?
0 What were the three prophecies the witches make to Macbeth ?
0 What is a multiplexer ?
0 What is a portal ?
5 What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?
5 How many Russians have landed on the moon ?
3 What one of the Backstreet Boys are single ?
5 What year did the Titanic sink ?
5 What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?
1 Which language has the most words ?
3 What is the oldest university in the US ?
5 How long do hermit crabs live ?
3 Which high schools are included in the South Florida Ice Hockey league ?
3 Who wrote The Look of Love after viewing Ursula Andress ?
5 How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
5 What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
0 What is metabolism ?
4 Where is `` Global Schoolhouse '' ?
1 What two major world religions began in India ?
5 When did the Dow first reach ?
4 What country is located at 13 degrees North latitude and 10 degrees East longitude ?
4 Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?
0 How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
1 What 's the sequel to Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland ?
1 What famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was Fred Perry the last Englishman to win ?
3 Which NBA players had jersey number 0 ?
3 What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
5 What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
2 What is DTMF ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
0 What is cache memory ?
1 In what war was the first submarine used ?
3 What baseball team became the Minnesota Twins ?
1 What is `` the bear of beers '' ?
3 What South Vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
1 What does ribavirin consist of ?
4 What is the largest city in the U.S. ?
0 What does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
3 What `` marvelous '' major-league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
1 What is a fear of water ?
1 What color is the cross on Switzerland 's flag ?
4 What body of water does the Yukon River empty into ?
4 What lake is the source of the White Nile ?
5 What are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
4 What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims ?
4 Where do you find information about the Queensland National Competition Policy
0 How can I give myself a French manicure ?
0 What is Candlemas Day ?
0 What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
1 Which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
3 What well-known actor is the father of star Alan Alda ?
5 When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place ?
3 What was the name of Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
3 What singer 's hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone ?
3 Who 's The King of Swing ?
3 Who discovered x-rays ?
3 What relative of Leo Tolstoy translated War and Peace eight times ?
0 What is the nursery rhyme Rock-a-by Baby about ?
1 What is the proper name for a female walrus ?
3 Who is the Incredible Hulk in reality ?
0 What is the origin of the word , JJ .
2 When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?
4 What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
4 What U.S. state boasts Stone Mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?
4 Where is Sinn Fein 's headquarters ?
1 What color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
1 What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?
5 How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
4 What state is known as the Hawkeye State ?
0 What is the difference between hair and fur ?
1 What are the seven wonders of the world ?
4 What country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
4 Where did Ty Cobb grow up ?
1 What do you call a newborn kangaroo ?
5 How many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
1 What are the main blood vessels ?
3 Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?
3 Who is the famous sister of actress Olivia De Havilland ?
3 Who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with The Girl of the Sea of Cortez ?
0 What does Ouija mean ?
0 How do you convert foot-pounds to foot-inches ?
5 How far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
1 What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke ?
3 Who advised listeners to `` see the U.S.A. in your Chevrolet '' ?
3 Which of the following celebrities started his show-biz career as a disc jockey ?
1 What turns blue litmus paper red ?
0 What was the first Funk 'N Lata , Brazilian group , success ?
1 What 's the term for a young fox ?
0 Why can 't ostriches fly ?
5 What year did the War of 1812 begin ?
0 What is viscosity ?
5 How many thousands of students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
3 Who awarded The Flying Fickle Finger of Fate ?
1 What is a film starring Jude Law ?
0 What causes pneumonia ?
3 What is the name of the Indian who became prime minister by beating Mrs. Gandhi in the 1977 election ?
0 In Waugh 's `` A Handful of Dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
4 Where was Poe born ?
1 What sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
0 What is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
0 How does Cos Cob , CT get its name ?
3 What is the best college in the country ?
0 What is osteichthyes ?
4 What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?
3 What is the last name of Lucy and Linus from the Peanut 's comic strip ?
4 Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
1 What penalty space lies between Baltic Avenue and Reading Railroad on a Monopoly board ?
4 Name the largest country in South America .
3 Name the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk .
4 What Caribbean island is sometimes called Little England ?
5 In what year was the movie the Ten Commandments released ?
3 Who portrayed Maggio in the film From Here to Eternity ?
1 What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?
4 What 's the home of the Rockettes ?
5 How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?
0 What is cholesterol ?
5 When was Hiroshima bombed ?
0 What is making love ?
0 What are the cookies in Internet ?
5 How many visitors go to the Vatican each year ?
0 What is Bombay duck ?
5 How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
0 What is the weather like on the moon ?
5 How many tiles did the Space Shuttle Columbia lose on its second flight ?
1 What is the music used in the new VW Beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
0 What is nepotism ?
5 How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for ?
3 Who is the Greek God of the Sea ?
5 What month of the year is there no television in Iceland ?
3 What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
0 What can I do to get into an Ivy League school ?
3 What are Arnold Palmer 's fans called ?
1 What were Baffin , Frobisher and Franklin looking for ?
1 What drug is often used to treat AIDS patients ?
1 What piece of jewelry is pictured on Monopoly 's Luxury Tax space ?
0 How does a hydroelectric dam work ?
0 Why did the Anglican church split from the Vatican ?
3 What businesses in Alaska were affected by the Exxon Valdez oil spill ?
0 What happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
5 How many species of the Great White shark are there ?
4 What is the web address at which I can find the e-mail address of a member of the US House of Representatives ?
4 Where is the location of the Orange Bowl ?
1 What indoor sport saw the Phoenix Inferno become the Phoenix Pride on July 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?
5 How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
5 What is the average weight for a man ?
0 What is goulash ?
3 Who is Imam Hussain Ben Ali whom Shia people believe in ?
1 Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .
0 What is the function of the appendix ?
0 What is Olestra ?
5 How many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?
0 What is Nitrox diving ?
4 What is the richest state in the U.S. ?
3 Who are the presidents of Mexico and Indonesia ?
3 What company 's trademark was His Master 's Voice ?
5 How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?
0 What is the difference between New York-style and Chicago-style pizza ?
3 What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?
4 Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
0 What is narcolepsy ?
3 Who wrote `` The Scarlet Letter '' ?
0 For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?
4 Where was George Washington born ?
4 Which country gave New York the Statue of Liberty ?
1 What does saliva consist of ?
0 How did Rocky Marciano die ?
1 What is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
5 When was Richard Nixon born ?
2 What does `` B.Y.O.B. '' mean ?
0 Why is the sun yellow ?
4 On what continent is Mozambique ?
1 What species was Winnie the Pooh ?
4 What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
0 What is crabgrass ?
3 What feathered cartoon characters do Yugoslavians know as Vlaja , Gaja , and Raja ?
2 What does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?
4 What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?
1 What plant is rum made from ?
5 When was Abraham Lincoln born ?
5 What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
3 Who directed The Wild Bunch ?
5 How many bottles of wine were prisoners in the Bastille allowed per day ?
0 What is the history of the soft drink Mr. Pibb ?
1 What is a fear of everything ?
0 What do the names Andrew and Christina mean ?
1 What trade did the 15th and 16th century Portuguese hope to control between Asia and Europe ?
1 What spice do chefs pay the most for ?
0 What is a mathematical factor ?
5 What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
1 What color tennis balls are used at Wimbledon ?
3 What basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
3 What is Jimmy Olsen 's full name ?
1 What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
0 How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?
4 What river in the US is known as the Big Muddy ?
1 What kind of science is cosmology ?
1 What snack food has ridges ?
3 Which German president was pressured into appointing Hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
5 How much is a Canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
5 How many different vegetation zones are there ?
4 What country did Ponce de Leon come from ?
0 Why did several San Diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
5 How many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
4 What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via ?
5 How many children does Ray Davies of the Kinks have ?
1 What was the name of the Protestant revolt against the supremacy of the Pope ?
3 Who was the original Humpty Dumpty ?
1 What John Steinbeck novel portrays the Joad family , driven from the Oklahoma dustbowl ?
0 What is a horologist ?
3 Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?
5 How many eyes does a bat have ?
4 What is the largest city in the world ?
4 What is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?
1 What is a fear of cold ?
3 What company named one of its pens `` The Banana '' ?
4 What city is served by Tempelhol Airport ?
1 What game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
3 Who was the first woman governor of Wyoming ?
5 What is the starting salary of a radiographer ?
0 What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
1 Which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?
5 When was Babe Ruth born ?
5 How many blacks served in the Vietnam War
3 Who invented the toothbrush ?
1 Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
4 What 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
3 Name of the lady the Great Gatsby pines for ?
3 What American naval officer broke Japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
3 Who was Bonnie Blue Butler 's father ?
1 What does Final Four refer to in the sports world ?
1 What do you call a group of geese ?
0 What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
3 Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?
5 How big is a quart ?
3 Who said : `` Soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
1 What TV series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at Silver Springs , Florida ?
3 Who developed the Macintosh computer ?
3 What company sells the most greeting cards ?
1 How do you say 2 in Latin ?
0 How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
3 Which former Ku Klux Klan member won an elected office in the U.S. ?
1 What fuel do airplanes use ?
3 What is the world 's largest distilling company ?
4 Where are the U.S. headquarters for Procter & Gamble ?
4 What continent 's second-highest peak is Mont Blanc ?
5 What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?
5 What is the population in India ?
1 Name a product that controls the ripening of apples .
3 Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?
3 Who is the father of the computer ?
5 How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
3 What are the major companies that are part of Dow Jones ?
5 When did the art of quilting begin ?
1 What does Playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between Playboy and its readers '' ?
1 The trials resulting from World War II are known as what ?
1 What organic fuel do bog-dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
1 What drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?
4 What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?
4 What country and western singer is known as The Silver Fox ?
5 How many feet more than 2 is the average height of the Great Wall of China ?
1 What is a fear of strong light ?
1 What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage ?
5 When did the Bounty mutiny take place ?
1 What is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?
4 Where is Windsor Castle ?
5 How old is the sun ?
0 What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock ?
1 What do the Japanese call Japan ?
5 How many bones are there in the human hand ?
1 What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
1 What is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?
0 How can I search for a word within my own webpage ?
0 What can be done about snoring ?
5 How many children under 18 are victims of some sort of Physical Abuse each year ?
4 Where are the Rocky Mountains ?
0 How do I register a trade name in North Carolina ?
3 What suburban housewife and mother of three wrote The Feminine Mystique ?
5 What is the life expectancy of a dollar bill ?
5 What phone number can I call to have a tree planted ?
3 Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?
0 What is a heuristic ?
1 What bowl game began as an East-West contest between Michigan and Stanford in 192 ?
4 What two countries in South America are landlocked ?
3 Who was the first African American to play for the Brooklyn Dodgers ?
4 Where is the Kalahari desert ?
0 What should you do for an ankle sprain ?
3 Who appointed the chair of the Federal Reserve ?
5 How many people did the United Nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in Somalia in September 1992 ?
0 What are amaretto biscuits ?
1 What kind of sports did they play in the years 1642-1649 , the English Civil War time ?
3 Who was the first American world chess champion ?
1 What Grand Slam golf tournament wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?
3 What U.S. vice-president once declared : `` If you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
5 How many people watch network television ?
0 What does Esa-Pekka Salonen look like ?
4 What two South American countries do n't border Brazil ?
4 What city is sometimes called Gotham ?
1 What did Walter Huston remove to perform in the movie The Treasure of the Sierra Madre ?
0 How do I find a web address for a company ?
5 When is Father 's Day ?
1 What kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
0 What are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in California ?
4 Where can I find information on becoming a journalist ?
0 Why is a ladybug helpful ?
5 How many queen bees reign in a hive ?
3 Name of heroine in `` Scruples '' ?
5 What is the temperature for cooking ?
3 What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?
5 How many Canadians emmigrate each year ?
4 What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?
1 What is the smallest bird in Britain ?
1 What are the four elements ?
0 What is the purpose of BIOS ?
0 What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
4 Where did Freidreich Wilhelm Ludwig Leichhardt , Prussian born explorer , go to school ?
5 How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?
1 What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name ?
0 How does an ion drive work ?
0 What is a phalanx ?
3 Who sells Viagra ?
1 In what sport are these following numbers relevant : 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
1 What first-aid product `` Helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
3 Which member of the Micronauts spent 1 years traveling the Microverse in the Marvel comics ?
5 How many bytes are in a terabyte ?
4 Where are the Union Stockyards ?
1 Name a tiger that is extinct .
4 Where is the Rose Bowl played ?
1 What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled Tenderness ?
5 What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?
1 What explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
5 How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo ?
1 What are the names of all the U.S. Navy aircraft carriers ?
3 What TV character said ; `` One of these days , Alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
5 When did the supercontinent Pangaea break up ?
5 Mercury , what year was it discovered ?
0 How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?
1 What is the name of the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
5 How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?
3 Who killed Martin Luther King ?
3 Who are cartoondom 's Super Six ?
4 What country will hit the year 2 first ?
4 Where can I find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to American standard ?
0 How do I find out about jobs ?
0 What is Spumante ?
0 What is the history of Spartacus , the Roman slave and gladiator ?
4 What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports ?
0 How did the U.S. come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the Spanish-American War ?
5 How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?
0 What is bipolar disorder ?
5 What percentage of all world tornados touch down in the US ?
1 What color is Mr. Spock 's blood ?
5 What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
3 What English queen had seventeen children ?
3 What is Dr. Ruth 's last name ?
1 What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?
1 What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl ?
4 What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?
0 What is cerebral palsy ?
1 What is the collective noun for geese ?
3 Who does the voices of the Simpsons ?
5 How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?
1 What Homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the Trojan Wars ?
5 How many people own pets ?
0 How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?
5 Dialing , 900 , 740-TREE to have a tree planted will cost how much ?
1 What is Jell-O made from ?
5 What percentage of American men are alcoholic ?
0 How is the element strontium purified ?
5 When was Beethoven born ?
4 What city 's newspaper is called `` The Enquirer '' ?
4 What hemisphere is the Philippines in ?
3 What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?
1 What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?
5 When is Dick Clark 's birthday ?
4 Where do people mountain climb in Nepal ?
4 What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to ?
1 What was the first Gilbert and Sullivan opera ?
0 What is the Golden Rule ?
3 Which one of the original seven Mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the Mercury flights ?
1 What word occurs 46 , 227 times in the Bible ?
5 How much calcium should an adult female have daily ?
1 What is another astronomic term for the Northern Lights ?
5 At what age did Rossini stop writing opera ?
4 What soviet seaport is on the Black Sea ?
3 Who is Archie Bunker 's son-in-law ?
1 Name a novel written by John Steinbeck .
3 What World War II leader declared : `` The blow has been struck '' ?
4 Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
1 What is the fear of being loved ?
3 Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
5 How many oceans are there and name them ?
0 What is infomatics ?
4 Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?
3 What are the five most popular Usenet groups ?
0 What is platinum ?
5 What is the elevation of St. Louis , MO ?
4 What is the street address of the White House ?
5 What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?
3 What singer became despondent over the death of Freddie Prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
0 What are Cushman and Wakefield known for ?
0 What is the chemiosmotic theory ?
0 What is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
5 What was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the U.S. since 1865 ?
1 What is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
0 What is a biologist ?
4 Where does dew come from ?
3 What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?
5 How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
1 What kind of file has the extension .dbf ?
0 How do companies cut paper so thin ?
3 Who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
3 What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' ?
5 What year did the U.S. buy Alaska ?
1 What was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
1 What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
4 What are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental United States ?
1 What was the tragedy that struck the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
0 How do movie blues screens work ?
0 What are chloroplasts ?
2 What does the word LASER mean ?
3 What college enlivens Hanover , New Hampshire ?
5 How fast is alcohol absorbed ?
5 What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas ?
5 How many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
1 What is a fear of reptiles ?
5 What is the gestation period for a cat ?
0 What is the Milky Way ?
0 What is desktop publishing ?
3 Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?
5 How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
0 How does hair curl ?
1 Name an American made motorcycle .
5 How many people have died of tuberculosis ?
5 How many innings constitute an official baseball game ?
5 In what year did the Bounty mutiny happen ?
3 Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
5 What is the width of a football field ?
1 What was the first Sam Spade novel ?
3 What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?
0 Why do USA fax machines not work in UK , NNP ?
1 What 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
4 What countries have the largest areas of forest ?
5 How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
1 Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .
4 The Kentucky Horse Park is located near what city ?
0 What causes canker sores in the mouth ?
1 What is the mission of Nike ?
0 How do you select wine ?
3 What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?
3 What writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
3 Who did Bobby Fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
0 What is the Order of the Arrow in Boy Scouts ?
5 How much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
1 What are the two languages of Malta ?
5 How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?
0 How do cameras take pictures ?
3 Who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
5 When did Thatcher become prime minister ?
1 What is a baby turkey called ?
1 What was Jimmy Durante 's theme song ?
3 Who was the lawyer for Randy Steven Craft ?
4 What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum ?
1 What 1953 film won Frank Sinatra a best supporting actor Oscar ?
5 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
3 Who stopped making diary entries on May 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
3 What was the nickname of German flying ace Manfred von Richthofen ?
3 Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
1 What are some of Australia 's native flora ?
1 What was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
0 What are pathogens ?
0 How do I sing like Elvis Presley ?
0 What are amphibians ?
3 What non-conformist abstract painter was dubbed Jack The Dripper by Time ?
1 What are the most common elements in seawater ?
3 Who did Dita Beard work for ?
0 What are bear and bull markets ?
0 What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?
3 Who invented the telephone ?
0 Why did the Aztecs first think the Spanish were Gods ?
4 What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?
0 What did John F. Kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
4 Where is the Smithsonian Institute located ?
4 Where are the headquarters of Eli Lilly ?
4 What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
1 What color is most often used to symbolize truth ?
1 What is the Scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?
3 Who is Terrence Malick ?
0 How was Teddy Roosevelt related to FDR ?
5 What is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
4 What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
0 What is autism ?
4 What four U.S. states have active volcanoes ?
4 What country offered Albert Einstein its presidency in 1952 ?
3 In the past 8 years who have the MVP players for the NHL been ?
0 What does camera-ready art mean ?
4 What Southern California town is named after a character made famous by Edgar Rice Burroughs ?
4 What lake is Sheboygan on ?
0 What is Boston Kreme ?
4 Where is the Statistical Abstract of the United States online ?
0 How would I find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
0 What is hypertension ?
3 Who was the Russian ambassador to Hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
0 What is `` alternative '' anymore ?
0 Why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
3 Who is the premier of China ?
0 What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse ?
1 What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era ?
5 How much was a ticket for the Titanic ?
1 What is a fear of childbirth ?
4 What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth ?
0 What problems contributed to the high failure rate of Plains farmers in the 1800s ?
3 What is the oldest profession ?
3 Who is the composer of `` Canon in D Major '' ?
1 What 's the name of Jacques Cousteau 's research ship ?
0 How do plants make food ?
1 What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 ?
4 Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?
3 What 's Japan 's largest car manufacturer ?
4 What Australian city became the home of the America 's Cup ?
3 What was the name of the US helicopter pilot shot down over North Korea ?
1 What powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
1 What Kennedy was married to Ethel ?
0 What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?
0 How is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
5 What 's the third month of the Gregorian calendar ?
4 What is the capital of Persia ?
1 What 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
5 When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
4 What state has the least amount of rain per year ?
0 What is the definition of hazmat ?
0 What does an emperor do ?
0 What are antacids ?
3 What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards ?
3 Who was the first American to walk in space ?
4 What is the U.S. location of Procter & Gamble corporate offices ?
5 How many web servers are there ?
5 What is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?
4 What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?
3 Who commanded the French forces at the Battle of Orleans ?
3 Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
1 What is the Illinois state flower ?
1 What tale has the moral : `` He who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
5 What age is Benny Carter ?
1 What Irwin Allen bomb has Richard Widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
3 Who wrote the hymn `` Amazing Grace '' ?
1 What do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?
3 What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 ?
1 In what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
1 What are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?
3 What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?
1 What type of currency is used in Australia ?
1 What metal has the highest melting point ?
3 What department store heir is responsible for raising a three-ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the Andrea Doria ?
3 What Scottish poet penned To a Mouse and To a Louse ?
5 When did Mount St. Helen last have a major eruption ?
5 When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
0 What is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
1 What is `` the soft drink for adults '' ?
3 What Honeymooners actress did Television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
3 What 's the most common nickname of U.S. college football teams ?
0 What is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
4 What ocean is the largest in the world ?
5 How long was the longest hiccup attack ?
5 When did the Jurassic Period end ?
3 What American composer wrote the music for `` West Side Story '' ?
5 When was John D. Rockefeller born ?
4 What New York City structure is also known as the Twin Towers ?
1 What color is the lipstick on Boy George 's wax lips at London 's Madame Tussaud 's ?
3 Who invented panties ?
0 What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' ?
4 Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver ?
4 Where did the Japanese Imperial Forces surrender to end WWII ?
1 What 's the highest-ranking suit in bridge ?
1 What is the term for a group of geese ?
4 Which mountain range in North America stretches from Maine to Georgia ?
1 For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment ?
3 What president also became a supreme court justice ?
4 What is the address of the famous Mexican star `` Thalia '' ?
0 How is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?
1 How do you say , `` I love you '' in other languages ?
5 When did Amtrak begin operations ?
5 How many corners does a spritsail have ?
5 How long did Shea and Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
0 How does lightning travel ?
0 What effect does LSD have on the brain ?
0 What is the spirometer test ?
1 What is the longest major league baseball-winning streak ?
0 Why do some people have two different color eyes ?
3 What actor was the first man to appear on the cover of McCall 's ?
3 What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?
5 How many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?
5 What is the wingspan of a condor ?
0 What is a conifer ?
5 How many zeros are there in a trillion ?
0 What is witch hazel ?
2 What is the full name of the PLO ?
3 Whom does Uncle Duke 's girl friend , Honey , room with ?
0 What is a tonne ?
4 Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?
1 What `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands '' .
1 What 's the largest letter in Salvador Dali 's signature ?
0 What is the purpose of the SysRq key on my computer keyboard ?
1 What was Simple Simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?
5 How long does the average domesticated ferret live ?
0 What is e-commerce ?
4 What country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
5 When did Lucelly Garcia , a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras , die ?
5 What year did Spielberg make `` Jaws '' ?
1 What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?
4 What nationality is Pope John Paul II ?
4 What is the capital of Seattle ?
4 Where are the British crown jewels kept ?
3 What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?
0 Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
1 What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
4 What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
4 What country has the most coastline ?
1 What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?
1 What kind of sports team is the Buffalo Sabres ?
3 Who is Desmond Tutu ?
0 What caused the division between the Anglicans and the Vatican ?
0 What is God ?
3 What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?
5 How often does Old Faithful erupt at Yellowstone National Park ?
5 How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
3 What actor and actress have made the most movies ?
3 What buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
0 What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
0 What is the origin of the expression `` four-letter word '' ?
3 Who is the actress known for her role in the movie `` Gypsy '' ?
3 Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns ?
4 Where can I read about Chiang Kai-shek ?
3 Who was the first woman killed in the Vietnam War ?
0 What is phenylalanine ?
4 What country boasts the most dams ?
3 What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?
0 What is the Home Rule Act ?
3 Who made the rotary engine automobile ?
1 Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
3 Who 's won the most Oscars for costume design ?
4 What is Bill Gross 's email address ?
1 What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
4 What Japanese city was once called Edo ?
5 How many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?
5 What day is August 13 , 1971 ?
4 What country 's capital was formed when Pesth and Buda merged ?
0 How do you do a bibliography page ?
5 When did North Carolina enter the union ?
3 What part did Benjamin Franklin play in the development of the newspaper in America ?
3 Who discovered electricity ?
1 What are all the different types of pizza ?
1 What is a baby lion called ?
3 What are the residents of the island of Lesbos called ?
0 What is he doing now ?
5 How many pounds are there in a stone ?
0 What does the word `` meta '' mean ?
5 What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
0 What is Win Rah ?
3 What President was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the Hudson River at Hyde Park , New York ?
0 What facial feature did Walt Disney sport that none of Disney 's employees is allowed to ?
5 How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
1 What is Bella Abzug 's sartorial trademark ?
5 What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
5 When were William Shakespeare 's twins born ?
5 What is the average body temperature ?
0 What is the largest variety of cactus ?
1 Which operating system runs on IBM-compatible machines ?
4 What is the capital of Italy ?
5 What is the length of border between the Ukraine and Russia ?
4 What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?
5 Approximately how many students are enrolled at the University of Massachusetts ?
3 Who became president of the U.S. in 1789 ?
4 Where can I get a map of Prussia on the Internet ?
5 How many referees work a soccer game ?
1 What is the name of the Jewish alphabet ?
1 What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand ?
1 What do West Indian steel bands use as instruments ?
0 What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
5 How fast does the fastest car go ?
5 How much of an apple is water ?
3 Who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
0 How do I get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name Kilvington ?
4 The Orange Bowl is in what city ?
2 What does HIV stand for ?
0 What does the word affiant mean ?
0 Why are the rooftops in Canada green ?
1 What is Smokey The Bear 's middle name ?
0 What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
3 Name the first private citizen to fly in space .
0 What is a stratocaster ?
1 What is a fear of passing high objects ?
1 What was the distinguishing mark on the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
1 What oldtime kids ' fare did TV Guide writer Jeff Greenfield call `` one of the most...subversive TV shows in American history '' ?
5 When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?
5 When did Charles Lindbergh die ?
5 What do Englishmen weigh themselves in ?
0 What will the weather be today ?
3 What 2th-century American poet wrote a four-volume biography of Abraham Lincoln ?
1 What are the four most widely-used languages in North America ?
1 What harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?
5 How many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
2 What does CNN stand for ?
5 How many different kinds of ice cream are there ?
1 What currency do they use in Brazil ?
0 How does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
4 What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific ?
5 How many colored squares are there on a Rubik 's Cube ?
3 Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
4 What countries does the Mont Blanc Tunnel join ?
5 What geological time do we live in ?
3 Which major diamond producer is based in South Africa ?
1 Madonna advertises for what soft drink ?
0 What are the words to the song sung by `` Banana in Pajamas '' ?
3 What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
5 How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , ?
1 What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
3 What is the real name of the singer , Madonna ?
3 What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer ?
1 What is the longest English word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
1 What birthstone is turquoise ?
5 How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?
3 What doctor claimed in a 1946 book : `` There is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
3 Who was the 16th President of the United States ?
0 How does it make its colors ?
1 What was the name of the television show , starring Karl Madsen , that had San Francisco in the title ?
3 What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?
1 What is the name of the second space shuttle ?
3 What is the name of the brilliant British economist behind its creation ?
1 What are some good exercises for kids to do ?
3 What feminist wrote Sexual Politics and Flying ?
5 In what year was the Berlin Wall erected ?
4 Where can I find examples of legal cases about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act ?
5 How large is Missouri 's population ?
1 What is a fear of glass ?
5 How fast do cheetahs run ?
0 What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
3 Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name ?
4 Where can I find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
3 What U.S. general was court-martialled for criticizing American air power ?
0 Why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
3 Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?
0 What is false consciousness ?
1 What is a female rabbit called ?
4 What is the location of Edinburgh , Scotland ?
5 How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
3 What international organization was founded by Clara Barton ?
5 How many people was Randy Craft convicted of murdering ?
0 What is a rhomboideus minor ?
0 What is a Canada two-penny black ?
1 What were the first frozen foods ?
1 What war added jeep and quisling to the English language ?
5 How far is it from Denver to Aspen ?
4 What country owns Corsica ?
0 Why did the Globe Theatre burn down ?
1 What did Thomas Paine write ?
4 Where is the bridge over the river Kwai ?
4 What country has the highest arson rate ?
1 What do chefs call The Master Spice ?
4 Where can I get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?
0 How does salt melt ice and snow ?
5 A normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
0 What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring ?
3 Who is Stephen Hawking ?
3 What were the last names of gangsters Bonnie and Clyde ?
0 What will a compass do in outer space ?
3 Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?
4 What are Canada 's two territories ?
3 What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?
5 How many gallons of paint does it take to paint the Golden Gate Bridge ?
1 What is the most famous German word in the English language ?
5 How far out is the universe ?
3 Who played the title role in I Was a Teenage Werewolf ?
5 What is the population of China ?
0 What caused the Lynmouth floods ?
5 When was the first Wal-Mart store opened ?
0 What exactly is radiation ?
1 What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
4 Where can I find a list of all the companies in America that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
1 What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show ?
4 Where can I find out the top 1 singles ?
4 What is the US Federal Government website for Standard Industrial Classification codes , SIC , ?
3 What California governor said : `` Inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
1 What did Warlock wear on his forehead in Marvel comics ?
0 What is nanotechnology ?
0 What does a nihilist believe in ?
3 What 's the better-known identity of John Merrick , the noble ogre of Victorian England ?
0 How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?
1 What plant has the largest seed ?
0 What is a glory hole ?
4 What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
1 What are dinosaur droppings called ?
5 In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?
4 What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
3 Who said : `` Old soldiers never die ; they just fade away '' ?
1 What film featured a snarly character named Kid Shelleen ?
1 What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?
0 What does the word fortnight mean ?
4 What United States city produces the most oil ?
1 What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?
5 How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
3 Who are the Challengers of the Unknown ?
5 How many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
0 How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
0 What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?
4 In Sinclair Lewis ' `` Main Street , '' what was the name of the typical American town ?
1 What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?
0 How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
1 What did Esquire name Ash Hole of the Year for 1980 ?
3 Who founded American Red Cross ?
0 Why does it snow ?
5 How many horses died during the civil war ?
1 What is a fear of clouds ?
3 Who killed Caesar ?
1 What ship did Lloyd M. Bucher command ?
4 What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?
4 What German city do Italians call The Monaco of Bavaria ?
4 What river flows through Vienna , Budapest and Belgrade ?
3 What fruit-topped actress was known as The Brazilian Bombshell ?
0 What is a nanometer ?
1 What types of water pollution are there ?
4 What is the highest dam in the U.S. ?
4 Where is the group M People from ?
3 Who was Secretary of State during the Nixon administration ?
3 Who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
0 How do I know if I am pregnant ?
3 Who were the 1974 Oscar winners ?
0 What is a Jellicle Cat ?
1 What is Nero Wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
0 How do they raise the cranes when building high-rise buildings ?
4 What is the largest museum in the world ?
0 What is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
3 Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman ?
3 What are the three most successful companies of our time ?
1 What age followed the Bronze Age ?
4 What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
1 What animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?
1 What do Hasidic Jews refrain from while dating ?
1 What film canine is buried in Pere-Lachaise cemetery in Paris ?
4 What is the capital of Mongolia ?
4 Where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
2 What does NECROSIS mean ?
3 Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?
1 What did Aaron Hass write ?
3 What company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
0 What is a dangling participle ?
3 What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands ?
3 What knighted actor narrates TV 's The World at War ?
5 What is the world record for the longest hair ?
1 What is a fear of fur ?
1 What holidays or observances are celebrated in Italy ?
4 Where did the Mayan Indians live ?
5 How many years did Shea & Gould practice law in Los Angeles ?
0 What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
3 Who released the Internet worm in the late 1980s ?
3 Who is Luke Skywalker 's father ?
4 What sea surrounds the Cayman Islands ?
2 What is RAM in the computer ?
1 What is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?
4 Where is the Euphrates River ?
0 What is cosmology ?
0 What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
4 What 's the nearest star to Earth ?
3 Who 's the lead singer of the Led Zeppelin band ?
0 What is pilates ?
3 What classical Spanish writer warned : `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
0 What happened to Moon Maiden ?
0 What is Zionism ?
5 How big is the universe actually ?
0 What does the name Gina mean ?
0 What is hypnotherapy ?
5 How much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
4 What are the largest breweries in the world ?
4 What state is the geographic center of the lower 48 states ?
0 How can a foreigner get a U.S. Social Security card ?
1 What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
4 What two states is Washington D.C. between ?
4 What country was General Douglas McArthur in when he was recalled by President Truman ?
0 Why is hockey so violent ?
0 How do windmills work ?
1 Which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?
3 What mayor made so many TV appearances he was asked to join AFTRA in 1984 ?
0 How do you tell somebody you like them ?
1 What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?
3 What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper ?
5 How many years ago did Led Zeppelin release its last album ?
4 Where can I get information concerning child custody files for the State of Utah ?
3 What were Babe Ruth 's Christian names ?
5 How many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?
0 How does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
3 Which college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball at ?
4 What is the highest mountain in the world ?
0 What did n't Rocky Marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
1 Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton 's `` Old New York . ''
0 What effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?
3 What fast-food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the San Diego Padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
3 What French leader sold Louisiana to the United States ?
1 What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for ?
0 What would happen to Canada if Quebec separated ?
2 What does e.g. stand for ?
3 What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?
0 How do you recognize anorexia ?
5 How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
5 How many times was pitcher , Warren Spahn , a 20-game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
5 What is the population of Kansas ?
3 In Dana 's `` Two Years Before the Mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at San Diego ?
3 Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer ?
5 How long does James Bond like his eggs boiled ?
1 What 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
1 What do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
3 Who invented the game bowling ?
0 How is the new Ford Econoline van F25 V1 engine ?
1 What fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
3 Who invented batteries ?
1 What book was F. Scott Fitzgerald working on when he died in Hollywood in 194 ?
4 Where is Basque country located ?
0 What are shooting stars ?
3 What was the nickname of model Leslie Hornby ?
5 How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?
3 What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?
0 How does crosstalk relate to InSb thickness in infrared detectors ?
3 Who was Scrooge 's dead partner in Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
1 What film did Louise Fletcher win the best actress Oscar for ?
5 How many American soldiers have died for their country to date ?
4 What is the best online games site ?
0 How is energy created ?
5 How many miles is it from Frankfurt , Germany to Salzburg , Austria ?
3 Who was credited with saying : `` I never met a man I did n't like '' ?
1 Which ear can most people hear better with ?
1 What is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?
3 What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?
4 Where does the song Anything Goes take place ?
4 What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
3 Who was the most famous food editor of The New York Times ?
4 What is the brightest star ?
1 What international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
0 What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
3 What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?
1 What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 ?
4 What county is Modesto , California in ?
4 Where is the Isle of Man ?
5 What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
1 What are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet ?
3 Who is a German philosopher ?
3 Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?
0 How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time ?
3 Which two inventors invented Post-its ?
4 What planet has the strongest magnetic field of all the planets ?
5 What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
0 What causes rust ?
1 What does a heliologist study ?
1 What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War ?
3 What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
0 What 's the meaning of UOL ?
5 When was the first Barbie produced ?
3 What is the best Internet business to go into ?
3 Who played Humpty Dumpty in the 1933 film Alice in Wonderland ?
1 What was the name of Roy Rogers 's dog ?
5 How many penny-farthings are there on a Trivial Pursuit game board ?
5 How far away is the moon ?
5 When did the neanderthal man live ?
4 What 's the most powerful country in the world ?
0 What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
5 What is the melting point of copper ?
1 What 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?
0 Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
1 What is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
4 What river is Windsor Castle on ?
1 What gasses are in the troposphere ?
4 Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
5 How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?
5 How long does it take the Milky Way Galaxy to make one revolution ?
4 What country is Mount Everest in ?
5 How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?
2 What does the number `` 5 '' stand for on FUBU clothing ?
0 What are the seven deadly sins ?
3 Who designed London Bridge ?
3 Who penned : `` Neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
1 In what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
3 What are the only players eligible to score points in Roller Derby called ?
4 What ocean surrounds the Maldive Islands ?
3 Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
0 What is a bourdon tube ?
0 What is the difference between AM radio stations and FM radio stations ?
5 How many times in his 16-year National Basketball Associaton career was John Havlicek a member of the all-star team ?
3 Who created Maudie Frickett ?
5 How deep is a fathom ?
4 Where is the Thomas Edison Museum ?
5 How high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?
0 What are Maid-Rites ?
3 Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
1 Which type of submarine was bought recently by South Korea ?
4 What country would you visit to ski in the Dolomites ?
0 What is a disaccharide ?
1 What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?
2 What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
0 How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
3 What Ivy League school plays its home games at Palmer Stadium ?
5 CNN began broadcasting in what year ?
4 What are the biggest Indian airports ?
3 Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions ?
5 How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?
1 What computer operating system is on the most computers ?
5 The sun 's core , what is the temperature ?
1 What is the recipe for Eggs Benedict ?
3 What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?
3 Who was the first Russian astronaut to walk in space ?
0 What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
0 What are faults in the earth 's crust ?
1 What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
5 What percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
1 What medium is Stuart Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
5 How long is the border between Canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
5 How many years did Sleeping Beauty sleep ?
5 How many people die from tuberculosis each year ?
3 Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
3 Who starred in the movie The War of the Worlds ?
1 What is the most expensive car in the world ?
0 How did Asia get its name ?
1 What Robert Louis Stevenson novel was inspired by Deacon William Brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?
1 What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
5 How many stars are there on the Soviet Union 's flag ?
1 What is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?
3 Whose singing voice was dubbed in for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady ?
1 What are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?
4 What country in Latin America is the largest one ?
1 Which medium is Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
4 What town was the setting for The Music Man ?
1 Stuart Hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
0 Why in tennis are zero points called love ?
1 What is a fear of shadows ?
3 What French designer declared : `` The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity. The jean must be stopped ! '' ?
1 What line of candy products included Super Skrunch and Peanut Butter Oompas ?
0 Why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
1 What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder ?
0 What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
4 Where did bocci originate ?
5 When was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?
0 How do I start a web based business ?
3 Who produces Spumante ?
3 Who kept the most famous diary in the English language ?
5 When did Elvis Presley die ?
0 What do meteorologists do ?
3 Who is Shirley MacLaine ?
5 How many emperors were there in the Roman Empire ?
4 Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
0 Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
3 What future deer hunter portrayed Annie Hall 's neurotic brother , Duane ?
1 What was the species of Winnie the Pooh ?
1 What Broadway show introduced the song Some Enchanted Evening ?
5 How many elephants are left on earth ?
4 What 's the largest island in the West Indies ?
5 What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
0 How can I find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
1 What is the primary language in Iceland ?
1 What incident of 1933 did the German Nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
1 What was the food of the Greek gods called ?
3 What author of the Days of Our Lives Cookbook signed on in 198 as Liz Chandler in TV 's Days of Our Lives ?
3 Who owns the St. Louis Rams ?
1 What do you call a Poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
3 What Argentine boxer was shot dead outside a Nevada brothel in May ?
4 What state capital comes last alphabetically ?
3 Name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of Gasoline Alley .
1 What is the Ohio state bird ?
3 What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?
5 The film `` Jaws '' was made in what year ?
0 What is an isthmus ?
1 What did Louis Cartier invent for aviator Santos Dumont in 1940 ?
4 Where does tuberculosis come from ?
5 How long do cardinal eggs incubate ?
4 What sound does Olympia , Washington , overlook ?
5 What year did the Vietnam War end ?
3 What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays ?
0 How can I determine the radius of an ellipse ?
5 How many people died on D-Day ?
5 How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder ?
0 What is cunnilingus ?
3 Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .
5 How many hearts does an octopus have ?
0 What is the filmmakers collabrative ?
1 What is a fear of sleep ?
3 What is Steve Rogers 's profession when he 's not Captain America ?
1 What program do I need to run a .tbk file ?
1 What are some translations of the phrase `` Thank-you '' ?
0 What is so powerful about Power Bars ?
3 Who is the one Independent Member of Congress ?
0 What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
1 What is the best way to travel in Japan ?
0 What is Greek pita ?
5 When was London 's Docklands Light Railway constructed ?
5 What day is known as the `` national day of prayer '' ?
0 What are Aborigines ?
1 What are the animals that don 't have backbones called ?
1 What do river otters eat ?
1 What is the term for someone who hates mankind ?
3 Who was the only person convicted in the My Lai Massacre ?
5 How many square feet is Bill Gates ' home ?
4 Where is Amsterdam ?
4 Where 's Montenegro ?
3 What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama ?
0 What is the Internet2 ?
3 Who created `` The Muppets '' ?
4 What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
5 How cold should a refrigerator be ?
4 Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. ?
1 What are emblazoned on the Jolly Roger ?
5 What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
2 What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?
5 When are sheep shorn ?
3 Who is the best known villain of the 165 Gunpowder Plot ?
4 What country did the Mau Mau Uprising take place in ?
4 Where is Rider College located ?
0 Why do horseshoes bring luck ?
0 Why do people get calluses ?
0 Why were red M&Ms discontinued then brought back ?
3 Who played the title role in My Favorite Martian ?
1 The Jewish alphabet is called what ?
0 What is Linux ?
3 Who turned all he touched to gold ?
4 What country was Kim Philby really working for ?
4 What country boasts Ismail 's Palace and the Palace of King Farouk ?
3 Who is buried in the great pyramid of Giza ?
5 What is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?
1 What Marx Brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
0 What is `` Chicago Hope '' ?
3 Who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for Post Grape Nuts ?
0 Why do people in the upper peninsula of Michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
2 What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
4 What are the 10 largest cities in the US ?
0 What 's the difference between J.D. and LL.M. ?
1 What was the first English play written exclusively for children ?
3 Who invented the electric guitar ?
1 What is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
0 Why was Henry Ford 's first automobile calleda Model T & his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a Model A ?
0 What causes rust ?
5 In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France ?
1 What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?
5 When was the Big Thompson flood ?
0 Describe the Finnish music personality Salonen 's appearance .
0 What happened to Answers.com ?
0 Why was the zipper invented ?
3 What English explorer discovered and named Virginia ?
0 What good are mosquitoes ?
3 What high school does Archie attend ?
1 What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for ?
3 Name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by Nancy and Chuck .
4 McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
3 Who directed the first Woody Woodpecker cartoon ?
0 What is a leper ?
5 How many zip codes are there in the U.S. ?
4 What state on the Gulf of Mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
0 How do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
4 Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?
4 Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?
3 What engineer invented the pull-tab can ?
4 What are the twin cities ?
3 Who is the prophet that is most connected to the Dead Sea ?
0 What is meant by blood SED rate ?
3 Who replies `` I know '' to Princess Leia 's confession `` I love you '' in The Empire Strikes Back ?
1 What children 's tale contains the line : `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
0 What is nuclear proliferation ?
1 What musical instrument did Sherlock Holmes play ?
5 How many member states are in the UN ?
0 What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' ?
5 What debts did Qintex group leave ?
3 Who was the first woman in space ?
0 How is cologne made ?
0 What is hebephrenia ?
3 Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
0 How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
5 How many different types of skunks are there ?
3 Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?
0 What is quicksilver ?
1 What overalls are named for Dungri , a suburb of Bombay ?
5 When did the Hindenberg crash ?
4 What New Hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in U.S. presidential elections ?
1 What is the criterion for being legally blind ?
5 When was the NFL established ?
4 What Georgia town did Scarlett O 'Hara condemn as being full of pushy people ?
1 What 1965 film had Jack Lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?
4 What is the largest city on the Great Lakes ?
5 How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?
1 What were the trials called which followed World War II ?
1 What 1950 film won seven Oscars , including best picture ?
4 What is the largest county in size in Massachusetts ?
1 What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet ?
2 What does BMW stand for ?
4 What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives ?
3 What U.S. President was the first to breed mules ?
0 What is a storm surge ?
0 What is osmosis ?
3 Who is Zebulon Pike ?
1 What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
1 What document did President Andrew Johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
0 What 's the state motto of California ?
5 How far is London UK from California ?
0 How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
4 What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
5 What is the depth of the Nile river ?
5 How many consecutive baseball games did Lou Gehrig play ?
5 What is the estimated total U.S. whitetail deer population ?
5 How many feet in a mile ?
4 Which country did Hitler rule ?
3 Who makes the `` Die Hard '' car battery ?
1 What are fingernails made of ?
1 What rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
1 What famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of Bugs Moran 's outfit ?
5 When did swimming become commonplace ?
0 What are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
1 What famous events have happened on March 27 ?
1 What did Mr. Magoo flog on TV for General Electric ?
5 How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate ?
3 Who sued the Dannon yougurt company for using a character named Ron Raider for promotion ?
1 What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 ?
3 What cheery fellow got the ZIP code 9971 from the U.S. Postal Service in 1963 ?
4 What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
4 Where is the volcano Mauna Loa ?
1 What kind of meat is Fray Bentos synonymous with ?
5 What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
5 What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
1 What carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
4 Where did the sport of caber-tossing originate ?
5 What is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?
1 What is a fear of worms ?
0 How do I increase my biceps ' size ?
0 What is troilism ?
3 What was Mao , the Chinese leader 's , full name ?
3 Name the company that used the line , `` Even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
1 Name four famous cartoon cats .
4 What is the smallest country in Africa ?
5 How many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
0 What does N est-ce pas mean ?
1 What color is an Arctic fox in winter ?
0 What is a nematode ?
5 What year was the setting for American Graffiti ?
3 Who are Woody Woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
4 What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?
4 What countries have the best math students ?
4 What country has declared one-fifth of its territory off-limits to Russians ?
0 What is the effect of volcanoes on the climate ?
4 Where is the Shawnee National Forest ?
5 How many people in Tucson ?
3 What occupation has the highest divorce rate ?
0 Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
0 What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
3 Who was the bandleader mentor of Ella Fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` A_Tisket , A-Tasket '' ?
3 What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
1 What films featured the character Popeye Doyle ?
4 What country lies directly south of Detroit ?
5 How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?
1 What 's the official language of Algeria ?
1 What whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?
1 What are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
0 Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
3 What is Alice Cooper 's real name ?
3 Who is the Prophet of Medina ?
4 What 's the capital of Monaco ?
3 What police force did Mack Sennett create ?
5 How many islands does Fiji have ?
3 What well-known TV talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
0 What steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
3 What store does Martha Stewart advertise for ?
0 What is schizophrenia ?
1 What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?
5 What was the date of Iraq 's invasion of Kuwait ?
1 What soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own Marvel comic book ?
3 Who bestowed great power upon Captain Britain ?
4 When Superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
1 What is kept in Fort Knox that is so valuable ?
1 What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
3 What bottled-up TV character was born in Baghdad ?
4 Where can I find free piano scores for popular music ?
1 What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote ?
3 Who discovered America ?
3 Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?
4 Where is Prince Edward Island ?
4 What country is the setting for Edgar Allan Poe 's The Pit and the Pendulum ?
0 What is fellatio ?
5 How much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
5 What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
1 What kind of weapons were used in Medieval warfare ?
3 Who was the first woman to fly solo across the Atlantic ?
5 How many Admirals are there in the U.S. Navy ?
0 How do I find a snowboarding website ?
0 What is the origin of the word assassinate ?
5 What is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?
0 What does the donation process entail ?
5 How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?
5 How far can a man travel in outer space ?
0 What is nicotine ?
0 How does blood clot ?
4 Where was George Washington born ?
0 How do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
4 What country surrounds San Marino , the world 's smallest Republic ?
4 What New York City landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
1 What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in ?
4 What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
1 What was the name of Baretta 's cockatoo ?
0 How can I get a CCT diagram ?
5 How long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?
5 How many people live in Chile ?
3 When called upon to surrender , what American general replied , `` Sir , I have not yet begun to fight . '' ?
0 What is an annuity ?
1 What 's the second-most-used murder weapon in the U.S. ?
5 What is the distance in miles from the earth to the sun ?
3 What was Al Capone 's nickname ?
1 What is the scientific name for elephant ?
4 What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas ?
1 What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
0 What do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
5 How many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
3 Who was the oldest U.S. president ?
5 How many languages does the Pope speak ?
1 Name a movie that the actress , Sandra Bullock , had a role in .
4 Where can I get mailing lists ?
0 What is the highest Roman numeral ?
3 What is her husband 's name ?
0 What are the benefits of home school ?
0 What is the text of the Fifth Amendment ?
1 What is the name of the Michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
5 What year did Montana become a state ?
1 What was the name of Hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the Bavarian government in Munich in 1923 ?
5 How many lakes are there on the Earth ?
1 What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?
5 How long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
4 Where did the ukulele originate ?
4 In what city does Maurizio Pellegrin now live ?
5 How many grooves are on a dime ?
0 What is Colin Powell best known for ?
1 What does Warner Bros. call a flightless cuckoo ?
3 What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Steven Craft ?
0 What is naproxen ?
4 Where is the Holland Tunnel ?
5 The Shea & Gould law firm had an office in L.A. for how many years ?
5 How many meters are in a mile ?
1 What is the world 's best selling cookie ?
4 What attracts tourists to Reims ?
0 What is cryptography ?
0 How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
3 Who were the five Marx brothers ?
4 What 's the longest river in the world ?
0 What is bandwidth ?
1 What impenetrable system of French fortifications was built along the German frontier before World War II ?
1 What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
5 How old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
5 How many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
5 What is the first day of the week ?
5 How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?
1 What 's an infant seal called ?
3 What kind of women gave Sigmund Freud erotic dreams ?
4 What is the location of McCarren Airport ?
0 How do you use an intranet ?
5 What is the world 's population ?
5 How much did a McDonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?
3 What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
4 Where can I look at a perpetual calendar ?
1 What 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
3 Who is the nebbish that is Marvel 's official mascot ?
3 Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
1 What format was the major competition of VHS ?
3 What famed clown appeared on an early Howdy Doody Show and insisted that Clarabell be made up as a real clown ?
3 What is the name of the chocolate company in San Francisco ?
3 What does Nicholas Cage do for a living ?
3 Who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
0 Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
0 What 's the last line of Dickens 's A Christmas Carol ?
1 What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called ?
1 What food did Marco Polo introduce into Italy from the court of Kubla Khan ?
4 What 's the northernmost U.S. state apart from Alaska ?
4 What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in ?
3 What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
0 What were the causes of the Civil War ?
5 How much pizza do Americans eat in a day ?
3 What famous New York City mayor wrote the hit song , `` Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May ? ''
2 CNN is an acronym for what ?
5 What date was Dwight D. Eisenhower born ?
5 When did Nostradamus believe World War III would begin ?
5 How many calories are there in soy sauce ?
0 What is meant by `` capital market '' ?
4 What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S. ?
3 What is Larry King 's occupation ?
5 What year was the first automobile manufactured ?
1 What Stephen King novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?
2 What does the T.S. stand for in T.S. Eliot 's name ?
0 What is acetic acid ?
1 What hair color can I use to just cover a little gray ?
5 When did the American Civil War end ?
0 What is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
0 Why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
1 What currency does Argentina use ?
1 What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
4 What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?
3 Who is the richest person in the world ?
0 What is the nature of learning ?
3 Who was the abolitionist who led the raid on Harper 's Ferry in 1859 ?
3 What was the nickname of Frederick I , Holy Roman Emperor and King of Germany ?
4 Where do hyenas live ?
3 What daughter of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn became queen of England ?
5 What is the sales tax rate in New York ?
1 What is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
5 When was child labor abolished ?
5 How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth ?
1 What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
5 What amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
4 Where was the first restaurant ?
1 What type of currency is used in China ?
0 What is the definition of low island ?
3 Whom did Friz Freleng add to the Warner Bros. cartoon ranks ?
1 What was the name of the American ship sunk by a mine in Havana harbor , causing the Spanish-American war ?
0 What is acetaminophen ?
5 How many types of cheese are there in France ?
4 Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?
1 What is the dot on an the letter i called ?
4 Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
1 What was the first video ever made ?
4 What countries have the highest ratio of university students ?
1 What 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?
4 What 's the most common street name in America ?
1 What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?
0 How do you clean up a cache ?
5 How long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
1 Which sex is denied voting rights in Kuwait ?
4 What is the name of the highest mountain in Africa ?
3 Who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
0 How can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
4 What strait separates North America from Asia ?
1 What started in 1849 when gold was discovered at Sutter 's Mill ?
3 What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
1 What does a tarantula eat ?
1 What type is a snail ?
0 How do I do this ?
1 What drug did Sigmund Freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
0 What is power steering ?
5 What 's the Fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?
3 What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
3 Who were the only two bald U.S. Presidents ?
0 How did the Hohenzollerns build their power around 17 ?
1 At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
0 What is the origin of the first name ` Breony ' ?
4 What are the two cities in Dicken 's `` A Tale of Two Cities '' ?
1 What are close encounters of the first and second kind ?
1 What four elements make up 90 percent of the human body ?
3 President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom ?
1 What soft drink first appeared in the Old Corner Drug Store in Waco , Texas , in 1885 ?
0 What exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?
1 What is the name of the disease that actress Hunter Tylo 's baby girl has ?
3 Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
4 Where was `` I have fallen , and I can 't get up '' said first ?
0 How does the chain of command work inside an US army Apache helicopter ?
0 What is viscosity ?
5 What year did Apartheid start ?
0 What is an urban legend ?
1 Which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?
1 What are the 7 principles of learning from the Institute for Research on Learning , IRL ?
4 What constellation is known as The Water Bearer ?
0 Why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
4 Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server ?
4 Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?
0 What 's the difference between TFT and dual-scan display ?
0 Why do many Native American students not complete college ?
0 What is real time processing ?
1 What money was used here ?
0 How was the element calcium named ?
4 Where are zebras most likely found ?
1 What does a philatelist collect ?
0 How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?
5 What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
0 What is an earthquake ?
4 What U.S. state is Dixville Notch in ?
0 What is a tsunami ?
1 What did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
3 What woman was Time 's Man of the Year for 1952 ?
0 What features of the African elephant are larger than those of the Indian elephant ?
5 How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses ?
0 What are the lyrics to the Star Spangled Banner ?
1 What is a common anti-AIDS drug ?
3 What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?
1 What brand of jeans did Calvin Klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
5 How much did a knight 's armor weigh ?
1 What were the five opening words on Ben Casey ?
0 What does Phi Beta Kappa mean ?
0 Colin Powell is best known for what achievement ?
5 What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
3 What Japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of Tokyo ?
1 What ill-fated craft was captained by Ernst Lehmann ?
5 What was the first minimum wage ?
4 What is the largest office block in the world ?
1 What is one of the languages spoken by the Sioux called ?
1 What 's the name of the Tokyo Stock Exchange ?
1 Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
0 What do I need to learn to design web pages ?
3 What was her real name ?
5 What 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
3 Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia ?
4 What country contains the westernmost point in South America ?
3 Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
3 What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?
0 What is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
1 What animal has the biggest eyes ?
3 What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
4 What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?
4 Which country has the most water pollution ?
4 What is the National Park in Utah ?
1 What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?
5 When did Muhammad live ?
5 How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?
1 What was the name of Sergeant Preston of the Yukon 's lead dog ?
3 What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier ?
1 What Broadway musical featured the song , `` If I were a rich man ? ''
1 What does a barometer measure ?
2 What is the abbreviation for Texas ?
0 What was the Long March in China ?
3 What was the name of Randy Craft 's lawyer ?
5 How many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q.i.d . '' ?
1 Which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?
5 What time does Wee Willie Winkie run through the town ?
3 Who was the king who was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
4 What was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?
0 What is the history of Hot Wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
1 What is New York 's state bird ?
1 What took first prize in Omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
3 Who was Jinnah ?
1 What do sailors use to measure time ?
1 What was the name of the famous battle between Texas and Mexico ?
1 What five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby lost his first 25 races ?
4 In 139 the papal court was forced to move from Rome to where ?
5 What year did WWII begin ?
1 Name the two mystical ravens Odin has at his command .
1 What is a fear of fish ?
1 What was Edward Albee 's first full-length play ?
0 Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
3 What comedian was The Perfect Fool ?
5 How many meters are in a mile ?
3 Name the food company that traveled to Soviet Georgia to film a series of ads .
3 Who is Mia Farrow 's mother ?
3 Name the Marvel team loosely based on DC 's Justice League of America ?
1 What Leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?
3 Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?
1 What 1976 Deep Throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
5 How many wings does a flea have ?
1 What late-night TV show features Larry , Bud , Melman and Toast on a Stick ?
1 What are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in New England ?
3 What is a person called that likes fire ?
3 Who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
5 When was the San Francisco fire ?
3 Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?
3 What professional sports league originated the college draft ?
0 What function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
4 What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?
1 In which Kevin Costner movie did Sioux Indians play a role ?
5 When was the Bill of Rights ratified ?
1 What international sport was originally called hurley ?
1 Where does your hair grow the fastest ?
4 What botanical marvel did Nebuchadnezzar build ?
3 Which classical Spanish writer said `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
2 What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
0 What caused Shea & Gould to close their L.A. office ?
0 What is a leaky heart valve ?
1 What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?
4 Where did Honecker rule ?
5 What year did the first issue of `` Playboy '' come out ?
3 What U.S. vice-president said : `` Some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
3 Who invented the game Scrabble ?
3 What President had never held an elected office until he was elected to the White House ?
3 What organization has a Security Council ?
0 Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?
4 What is the largest U.S. state east of the Mississippi ?
3 What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
0 Why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
1 What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
0 What 's the staff of life mentioned in the Lord 's Prayer ?
0 How did Bob Marley die ?
5 How many pins are used in skittles ?
5 When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999 ?
1 What are the two largest birds on earth ?
1 What is a fear of sourness ?
1 What product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?
1 What 's the second-lightest element ?
3 What appointments secretary to Richard Nixon went to jail ?
5 How big is a normal size penis for a 15-year-old ?
1 What was the name of the 1899 policy forced on China by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
0 How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?
3 What was the role of the Medieval Guild ?
0 What is a micron ?
1 What do ladybugs eat ?
0 What is the origin of head lice ?
1 What household products are there for adult acne ?
4 What 's the fifth-largest country in the world ?
3 Who was Confucius ?
4 What ocean surrounds the Madeira Islands ?
4 What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
3 Who said `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
0 What is humidity ?
0 What is yohimbine ?
1 Madonna hocks which soft drink ?
5 How long did the Charles Manson murder trial last ?
4 What city was President William McKinley shot in ?
0 How did former WWF wrestler Rick Rude die ?
4 On which Hawaiian island is Pearl Harbor ?
4 What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
1 What is the longest bone in the human body ?
5 What century 's the setting for TV 's The Adventures of Robin Hood ?
3 What U.S. Congressman said : `` Keep the faith , baby '' .
0 Why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
5 How many soldiers were involved in the last Panama invasion by the United States of America ?
5 What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
0 What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?
3 What team did Babe Ruth play his first major league game for ?
1 What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
1 Which gender has bigger thighs ?
0 How do I write to my Congressman ?
1 What is the chemical formula for napalm ?
5 What year was the NAACP founded ?
1 In what religion was Isis the nature goddess ?
1 What kind of flowers does detective Nero Wolfe raise ?
3 What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for ?
0 How do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
3 Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
1 What soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
0 Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?
5 What is the temperature of the sun 's surface ?
4 Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims ?
4 What North American city sprouts the most parking meters ?
0 How is Answers.com funded ?
1 What were the names of the three ships used by Columbus ?
1 What is the most widely cultivated plant ?
0 How do I find the balance of my social security account ?
1 Which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
4 What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe ?
4 Where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
1 What was the name of the computer in ` 2001 : A Space Odyssey ' ?
3 Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?
4 What celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?
5 When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
4 What famed wall supports the Badaling turret ?
0 What does the number 33 on the Rolling Rock beer bottle mean ?
1 What instrument did Glenn Miller play ?
0 What are equity securities ?
5 What is the melting point of gold ?
0 What is the meaning of caliente , in English , ?
3 Who was Picasso ?
5 How many countries are there ?
4 Which continent has the most roses ?
4 What country is proud to claim Volcano National Park ?
4 What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States ?
1 What is a fear of slime ?
5 What does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
3 What British general surrendered to the colonial army at Saratoga ?
5 How many times a year does the American Gourd Society publish The Gourd ?
3 What director portrayed the commandant of the POW camp in 1953 's Stalag 17 ?
0 What is a drought ?
5 How many lawyers are there in the state of New Jersey ?
5 When was the last major eruption of Mount St. Helens ?
5 What 's the population of Mississippi ?
4 What is the capital of Kosovo ?
4 What is the largest city in the world ?
0 How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
1 What film dramatized the Scopes monkey trial ?
5 How many acres in a mile ?
0 What is the history of Buffalo chicken wings ?
4 What are some good medical sites for information ?
3 What two New York Yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?
0 How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
5 How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?
3 What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer ?
5 What is the price for AAA 's liability auto insurance ?
3 Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
0 What category does the color pink denote in the Trivial Pursuit Baby Boomer Edition ?
5 What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
3 Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?
5 How fast is a 45Mhz processor ?
1 What war did the Potsdam Conference follow ?
1 What does the Peugeot company manufacture ?
3 Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
4 What body of water does the Danube River flow into ?
1 What 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign Gemini ?
0 In My Antonia , how is Mr. Shimerda out of place on the farm ?
4 Where can I find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
0 How do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
1 What is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
3 What U.S. general died December 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?
5 When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
3 Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' ?
0 How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
0 How can I transport files from one computer to another ?
2 What does VCR stand for ?
1 What did Englishman John Hawkins begin selling to New World colonists in 1562 ?
0 How does a submarine operate ?
5 How much does the President get paid ?
3 Who is the president of Stanford University ?
0 How can I get someone 's email address ?
0 What does Melissa mean ?
1 What is Australia 's national flower ?
3 Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?
0 What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?
3 Who asked the musical question : `` Have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
3 What actress 's autobiography is titled Shelley : Also Known as Shirley ?
3 What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?
1 What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
0 What are Cobol , Fortran , and Pascal ?
5 What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?
3 Who killed John F. Kennedy ?
4 What is the deepest lake in the US ?
5 How many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?
3 What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?
4 Where do the Grimace and Mayor McCheese live ?
5 When did John F. Kennedy get elected as President ?
3 Who portrayed Fatman in the television show , `` Jake and the Fatman '' ?
5 When did communist control end in Hungary ?
1 What do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
0 Why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
3 Who took the toys donated for the Doodyville Orphans ' Fund and kept them for himself ?
3 Who is Westview High 's band director in Funky Winkerbean ?
5 How many people hike ?
3 Who did Doris Day mean when she said : `` I call him Ernie because he 's certainly no Rock '' ?
5 When was the internal combustion engine developed ?
5 What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?
5 How many verses are in the Bible ?
4 What city has the zip code of 35824 ?
3 Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?
1 What is a fear of rejection ?
1 What is a fear of food ?
1 What animals can live the longest without food ?
3 What Texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
5 How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?
0 How does Belle describe her life in Beauty and the Beast ?
0 What is a wop ?
5 How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?
4 What South American capital is the world 's highest ?
4 What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?
3 Who was Lacan ?
1 What color does litmus paper turn when it comes into contact with a strong acid ?
0 Why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
1 What newspaper serves Salt Lake City ?
0 How can I stop or slow down aging ?
3 Who created the monster in Mary Shelley 's novel Frankenstein ?
0 How can I find online spelling ?
5 What is the population of Arcadia , Florida ?
5 When do you plant winter wheat ?
1 What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Gimli as a central character ?
0 What is Franz Kafka 's short story `` A Country Doctor '' trying to tell us ?
4 In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
5 What is the weight of air ?
1 What movie has made the most money ?
3 What actor , who had greatest fame on TV , became the father of triplets ?
1 What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in ?
3 Who was Gerald Ford 's vice president ?
0 What are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?
0 What are values ?
0 What is pulmonary fibrosis ?
3 Who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
1 What is the name of Jamiroquai new album ?
1 What are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?
3 Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?
1 What is the trademark of a Washington Redskin 's fan ?
2 What is IOC an abbreviation of ?
5 How many types of lemurs are there ?
0 What is neuropathy ?
1 What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
3 What title did Suzette Charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
1 What does a deltiologist collect ?
1 What sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
3 Who famously rode to warn the people of Massachusetts that the British were coming ?
3 Who directed `` Jaws '' ?
4 What U.S. state has the most blondes ?
0 What is neurology ?
3 What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?
0 What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?
5 What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
0 Why does the moon turn orange ?
3 What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?
3 What is the name of Joan Jett 's band ?
1 What are the titles of some R-Rated Sony Playstation games ?
4 What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?
5 What is the per-capita income of Colombia , South America ?
0 What was The Living Room War ?
0 What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?
0 How do you measure the heat of the sun ?
2 What does CPR stand for ?
3 Who was America 's first Public Enemy No. 1 ?
3 Who won Ms. American in 1989 ?
1 What sport was the first televised in the U.S. ?
0 What is Wimbledon ?
3 What bestselling modern poet was the co-founder of the famous City Lights Bookshop in San Francisco ?
5 How many movies has Drew Barrymore been in ?
1 What is the electrical output in Madrid , Spain ?
3 Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
0 How do you get dates with the `` Hooters '' girls ?
4 What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?
5 What is the percentage of water content in the human body ?
4 Where did Hillary Clinton graduate college ?
0 Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?
0 Why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
4 What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
1 What future movie treat was introduced to American colonists in 1603 by Native Americans ?
5 CNN 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
5 How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
0 How can I find out my Moon sign ?
0 What is a hyperlink ?
4 In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?
3 Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?
1 What do bats eat ?
5 How long is human gestation ?
5 How big is Australia ?
2 What does BTU mean ?
3 Who created the character James Bond ?
4 What are some good fractal web sites ?
4 In Poland , where do most people live ?
1 What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
3 What company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
3 What celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
3 Who was Garrett Morgan married to ?
4 What country has the port of Haifa ?
4 What are the largest deserts in the world ?
3 Who is the actress Bette Davis once said she wished she looked like ?
3 Who was Camp David named for ?
1 What is a fear of thunder ?
4 What body of water are the Canary Islands in ?
4 What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi ?
5 In which year was the cartoon character Chilly Willy created ?
5 When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
4 What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?
0 What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
4 What state does Charles Robb represent ?
0 How do I stop background noise in a car stereo ?
4 What two countries are separated by the Bering Strait ?
3 What U.S. Government agency registers trademarks ?
4 What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?
3 Who killed Gandhi ?
0 What is the feudal system ?
4 What is the capital of California ?
5 When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan ?
4 Where is the biggest bell ?
1 What were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?
5 How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
1 What `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer Prince 's hit song ?
3 What professional cricketer 's son wrote The War of the Worlds in 1898 ?
1 Name a Salt Lake City newspaper .
3 Who was William Henry Harrison ?
4 What are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the Iberian peninsula in Europe ?
3 What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
3 Name one of the major gods of Hinduism .
5 How many minutes were there on the original GE College Bowl clock ?
5 What 's men 's par on a 455-yard golf hole ?
1 What spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?
1 What is a fear of points ?
5 How many pounds in a ton ?
4 What country 's people are the top television watchers ?
1 What is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
1 What are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?
4 Where did surfing originate ?
1 What is the English translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
0 Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?
0 What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?
4 What London street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?
1 What 's the highest hand in straight poker ?
5 What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?
3 What cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
3 Who discovered radium ?
0 How do I tie a tie ?
1 What was the name of Robert Fulton 's most famous steamboat ?
0 What is the difference between the Koran and The Bible ?
3 What football coach 's story was told in the movie Run to Daylight ?
4 Where is Milan ?
1 What color are tennis balls ?
1 What non-mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ?
0 Why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
4 What nationality was Jackson Pollock ?
5 How many feet are there in a fathom ?
4 What U.S. state boasts Leif Ericson Park ?
5 How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics ?
5 When was Nostradamus born ?
3 Who were the Yankee 's frequent enemies ?
0 How do I get my LAN card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a HUB ?
0 What is the origin of the word Marijuana ?
0 What 's the rathaus in Frankfurt ?
3 What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
5 When will the millennium officially begin ?
0 What is amoxicillin ?
1 What is November 's birthstone ?
3 What was Michelangelo 's last name ?
3 Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?
1 What is Ray Bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
3 What Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist ran for mayor of New York City ?
5 How many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
3 What are the first names of the famous husband-and-wife acting team of Lunt and Fontanne ?
0 What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?
5 What day and month did John Lennon die ?
5 How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
5 What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?
4 What was the tallest building in America in 1922 ?
0 What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
4 What country was Erich Honecker the leader of ?
4 Where does the opera singer Ileana Cotrubas come from ?
5 How much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
1 What is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
4 What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
0 What does Lloyd 's Lutine Bell announce ?
5 What year did Charles Dicken die ?
2 What does BUD stand for ?
4 Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
0 What are perfect tenses ?
1 What film or films has Jude Law appeared in ?
1 Ray Charles plays which instrument ?
5 What was Joe Namath 's first contract worth ?
1 Who was the first animal into space ?
3 What famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
5 How many colors are there in a rainbow ?
5 What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
4 What is Britain 's possession on the Chinese mainland ?
1 What are two plants that clothes are made from ?
5 How tall is the giraffe ?
0 What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry : Ad arma , ad arma .
3 What was football star Elroy Hirsch 's nickname ?
5 What is the atomic weight of silver ?
0 What is the origin of `` Beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
3 Who portrayed Sherlock Holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
0 How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
0 What is the HIGHEST Roman numeral ?
1 What animal has been called The Poor Man 's Cow ?
4 Where could I go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
3 Which of the following actors worked in New York 's Yiddish Theater ?
3 What famous comic strip character died of acne ?
3 What is the name of actor Rex Harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular TV show during the late 1960's ?
3 What presidential press secretary dismissed Watergate as a third-rate burglary attempt ?
0 What is an aurora ?
5 How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?
5 How long was the OJ Simpson trial ?
4 Where did the name Daniel originate ?
4 Where is the Orinoco River ?
3 What robust U.S. President imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
3 Who was the 1st U.S. President ?
3 What was the name of Darth Vader 's son ?
3 What is the name of the American swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 Olympics ?
3 Who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
4 Where was the largest concentration camp in World War II ?
1 What cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?
0 What is the history of the hairdryer ?
0 What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?
1 What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
2 What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
3 Who was the famous door-to-door brush salesman ?
3 What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
4 What is the most populated city in the world ?
4 What city is Logan Airport in ?
3 What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
3 Who was Ben Casey 's boss ?
3 Who runs Andy Capp 's favorite pub ?
1 What is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?
1 What is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
3 What comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
4 What is the longest river in the United States ?
0 What is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
0 What is the origin of the proverb `` A stitch in time saves nine '' ?
4 What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
3 Who is the Pope ?
5 How many people does Honda employ in the U.S. ?
0 Define the Pheonix Club ?
0 What does `` saute '' mean ?
1 What do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
3 What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?
5 What is the mean income of the top 10% , top 5% , and top 1% ?
1 What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
5 What 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
4 What two countries contain Sierra Nevada mountains ?
4 What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
4 What was known as the Spice Island ?
4 What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in ?
1 What are some important events of the 1830 's ?
5 How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
5 When is the Sun closest to the Earth ?
3 What comedian hit the TV screen in 1951 with the NBC afternoon show Time for Ernie ?
3 Who was the girl in Peter Sellers 's soup ?
4 Where is one 's corpus callosum found ?
4 What is the name of the largest city in Chile , South America ?
0 How do fuel injectors work ?
1 Material called linen is made from what plant ?
3 Who founded the Unification Church ?
5 How many astronauts have been on the moon ?
1 What series of trials followed World War II ?
0 Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
5 How many days does a typical mayfly live ?
4 What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?
3 Who is Henry Butler ?
1 What do camels store in their humps ?
3 Who created the character of Scrooge ?
0 Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?
5 How many teats does a female goat sport ?
1 What are the first ten amendements passed ?
3 What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?
2 What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?
3 What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?
1 What is the second hardest substance ?
0 What is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
2 CPR is the abbreviation for what ?
0 What are the limits to `` self-defense ? ''
5 How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?
0 What 's the motto of the Boy Scouts ?
1 What 's the highest possible bid in Contract Bridge ?
0 What is e-coli ?
1 What was the eighth day following the Nones in each month of the Roman calendar called ?
1 What was the monster in Spielberg 's film `` Jaws '' ?
0 What happened to Pompeii ?
0 What is the origin of thank you notes ?
2 What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
5 In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?
5 How many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?
5 In 1990 , what day of the week did Christmas fall on ?
1 What currency does Luxembourg use ?
3 Who was Maria Theresa ?
0 How do they produce vitamins ?
2 What is the full form of .com ?
0 What is bio-diversity ?
0 Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
0 How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
3 Who was Samuel Johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
3 What English physician was born on January 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?
3 Name the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse .
1 What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?
3 CNN is owned by whom ?
5 How long does cocaine stay in your system ?
3 What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
0 How do you handle a hungry man ?
1 What beer is ` rockin ' America ? ''
4 What country are you in if you woo in the Wu dialect ?
5 What is the protection rate of using condoms ?
1 The operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines is called what ?
3 Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
0 How do Ouija Boards work ?
0 How does Zatanna perform her magic in DC comics ?
4 What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?
0 What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''
5 How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?
4 What Asian gulf were the destroyers Maddox and C Turner Joy shot up in ?
4 What is a country that starts with the letter x ?
4 In the late 1700 's British convicts were used to populate which colony ?
1 What is a fear of machinery ?
4 What is the capital of Ethiopia ?
5 When did Hawaii become a state ?
5 How long does it take light to reach the Earth from the Sun ?
1 What 's the second-most-used vowel in English ?
0 How do you buy stocks ?
3 Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?
3 What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
2 What does IOC stand for ?
3 What was W.C. Fields ' real name ?
3 What is the name of the woman who was with John Belushi when he died ?
3 Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?
3 Who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
5 On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
5 What is the Pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
1 In what spacecraft did U.S. astronaut Alan Shepard make his historic 1961 flight ?
3 Who wrote the Farmer 's Almanac ?
1 What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam ?
1 Name a film in which Jude Law acted .
5 When was Dubai 's first concrete house built ?
4 What U.S. state has the second-longest coastline ?
3 What king was forced to agree to the Magna Carta ?
4 What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?
0 How did the months of the year get there name ?
1 What color were their horses ?
1 What is the birthstone for June ?
0 What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
1 What is the name of the satellite that the Soviet Union sent into space in 1957 ?
1 What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
1 What soft drink tells us to `` Go Hawaiian '' ?
3 What baseball great plugged Mr. Coffee ?
1 What is the birthstone of October ?
3 What was the real name of writer Ross Macdonald , creator of the hero Lew Archer ?
4 Where is the Keck telescope ?
3 Who wrote the song , `` Silent Night '' ?
4 What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?
3 Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins ?
5 How old is the Italian artist Maurizio Pellegrin ?
5 How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?
1 What are the names of the different toes ?
0 What is caffeine ?
3 Who was Darius ?
3 What Louisiana Senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?
3 Who would you use the Heimlich maneuver on ?
0 What is sodium chloride ?
4 What is the most important nation in the world , historically ?
5 How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
3 What English playwright penned : `` Where the bee sucks , so shall I '' ?
0 What is the claim to fame of Agra , India ?
0 What exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
1 What constitutes an adult ?
3 Who domesticated the wild turkey ?
3 Who invented the radio ?
0 What 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
0 How do you make a paintball ?
1 What common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?
4 Where on the Web is Adventours Tours from Sydney , Australia ?
1 What is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to El Nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
0 What is a carcinogen ?
1 What 's the Hungarian word for pepper ?
3 Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?
1 What joins white wine to put the spritz in a Spritzer ?
4 What country 's flag is field green ?
1 What is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
5 About how many soldiers died in World War II ?
5 What is the recommended weight of a 15 year-old male that is 5 , 6 ?
0 How does the Elongated Man know a mystery is afoot ?
1 What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
0 What is a ` borrow pit ' ?
0 What are the Arabic Numerals from 1 to 10 ?
2 What does the technical term ISDN mean ?
0 What are triglycerides ?
2 CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
5 How many gallons of water are there in a cubic foot ?
4 Where is the tallest roller coaster located ?
1 The second most popular sport worldwide is what ?
0 What is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
0 How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt ?
1 What is the largest snake in the world ?
3 What is Nathan Hamill 's role in the new Star Wars prequel ?
3 Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
0 What is rheumatoid arthritis ?
4 Where is there information on the novel `` El Cid '' ?
0 What is multimedia ?
0 What are boxcars ?
3 What company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
1 What is the formula to calculate pi ?
3 Who tramped through Florida looking for the Fountain of Youth ?
0 How do you fix squeaky floors ?
0 How do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
5 How fast is sound ?
0 What is a Chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
0 What is propylene glycol ?
1 Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
4 What city contains the district of Hell 's Kitchen ?
3 Who was the first black performer to have his own network TV show ?
1 What would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
1 Name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''
5 What does 7847+5943 equal ?
3 What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
5 What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
0 What is the VDRL test of blood ?
3 Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
1 What animal has killed the most people ?
1 What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?
4 Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
0 What happens to used motor oil ?
0 What are the Twin Cities ?
3 What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
1 What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with ?
3 What President 's favorite Biblical quotation was : `` Come now , and let us reason together '' .
2 What does IBM stand for ?
4 What North American city boasts the biggest Polish population ?
0 What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
5 How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
3 Who played the part of the Godfather in the movie , ` The Godfather ' ?
3 Who was Charles Lindbergh 's wife ?
0 How do you ask questions ?
0 What is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
0 What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?
0 What is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
1 What two body parts grow all your life ?
5 How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
0 What is film noir ?
2 What is a `` USB '' port on a computer ?
0 What are Kythnos , Siphnos , Seriphos and Mykonos ?
0 What is poliomyelitis ?
1 What animals did The Amazing Three masquerade as ?
0 What is relative humidity ?
1 What novel did Ian Fleming introduce James Bond in ?
3 Who was Shakespeare 's Moorish general ?
4 What nationality is a Sicilian ?
1 What was Paul Bunyan 's ox 's name ?
0 What is acid rain ?
0 What baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the Atlantic and Pacific before the Panama Canal ?
4 What island has a park called The Battery at is southern tip ?
1 What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?
0 What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
3 Who is the President of Ghana ?
1 What 's the name of the Tampa newspaper ?
5 How many states have a lottery ?
4 In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?
4 What was the first country to put a second woman in space ?
3 Who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
1 What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
4 What city did the Flintstones live in ?
2 What does RCA stand for ?
4 What is the capital of Uruguay ?
5 What was the last year that the Chicago Cubs won the World Series ?
5 When does the Bible say the seasons started ?
5 How many words are there in the Spanish language ?
1 What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?
1 What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth , Prince Albert 's wife ?
3 Who makes the `` cross-your-heart bra '' ?
0 What is molybdenum ?
0 What are field effect transistors ?
1 What is a fear of failure ?
4 What mountain range marks the border of France and Spain ?
0 How does a bill become law ?
5 How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?
1 What is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
0 How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
0 What is the difference between love and infatuation ?
3 What college football team did Knute Rockne build into a power ?
0 How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
1 What 's the green variety of beryl called ?
1 What does a pedometer measure ?
5 How many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
4 Where is Qatar ?
0 What did Cool Hand Luke go to jail for ?
5 Shea and Gould had an office in Los Angeles for how long before closing it ?
5 How long does a dog sleep ?
3 What is the name of a Greek god ?
4 What state produces the best lobster to eat ?
3 What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become ?
3 What is Michael Jackson 's father 's name ?
1 What does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
5 How long is Camptown Racetrack ?
4 What was the only country in the Western Hemisphere to join the Russian-led boycott of the 1984 Summer Olympics ?
1 What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts : `` Oil '' ?
1 What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?
1 What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
4 Where is Mozambique located ?
0 Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
0 Why does a candle need a wick ?
4 What southwestern state is dubbed The Silver State ?
2 What do the letters CE stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
1 What does a farrier put shoes on ?
3 Who was the first man to return to space ?
4 Where is the Eiffel Tower ?
0 What is the function of RAM ?
1 Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
1 What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition : `` Row well and live '' ?
1 What is the softest part of the body ?
0 What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards ?
3 What is Shakespeare 's nickname ?
5 How many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` Around the World '' ?
1 What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft ?
3 Name a band which was famous in the 1960 's .
3 Who does Shakespeare 's Antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
1 What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?
0 What is object-oriented design ?
5 When was the bar-code invented ?
4 What web sites are linked to the Report on Genesis Eldercare ?
1 The U.S. Department of Treasury first issued paper currency for the U.S. during which war ?
0 What does idle mean ?
1 What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?
3 Who won Oscars for her roles in Gone with the Wind and A Streetcar Named Desire ?
1 Which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
0 What should you yell to hail a taxi in Madrid ?
5 What is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
3 Which president was unmarried ?
3 Who founded the People 's Temple Commune ?
5 How many miles of corridors are in The Pentagon ?
1 Which comic strip was never turned into a Broadway musical ?
4 Where can I find the lyrics for the song ` Getting Married Today ' from the musical ` Company ' ?
0 What is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
1 What is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?
3 What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics ?
1 What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
1 What weapon did the crossed slits in English castles accommodate ?
3 What is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
0 What is bangers and mash ?
3 What ill-fated American general dragged a bull terrier named Willie through World War II ?
3 What two presidents of the U.S. published books of poetry ?
3 What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?
4 What country was Sir Edmund Hillary born in ?
4 What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river ?
3 Who succeeded Nikita Khrushchev as first secretary of the Communist Party ?
0 How is plastic made ?
5 How long does a human live ?
0 What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
1 What 's the singular of dice ?
5 How many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
4 Where is the Mayo Clinic ?
1 What is a fear of jealousy ?
5 How many characters are in the Chinese alphabet ?
3 Who is Edmund Kemper ?
3 Who played Al Jolson in the Jolson Story ?
5 How old was Gene Siskel ?
3 Who was chief engineer of the Starship Enterprise ?
3 Who was Buffalo Bill ?
1 To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success ?
1 What 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
4 What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?
5 In what year was actress Joan Collins born ?
3 What President was assassinated by Charles J. Guiteau ?
1 What foods contain vitamin B12 ?
3 Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?
1 What commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping North American cars off the roads during World War II ?
5 How many people are there in the world ?
0 What does cc in engines mean ?
5 What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour ?
0 What is Muscular Dystrophy ?
3 Who played Emperor Palpatine in Star Wars ?
5 In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?
5 What month 's third weekend is the Monterey Jazz Festival held on ?
1 What do goldfish lose if kept in dimly-lit or running water ?
0 What is the origin of the name Igor ?
1 What foods contain the most protein ?
4 Where is the world 's most active volcano located ?
4 Which country is known as `` Big Bear '' ?
4 Where was the Cisalpine Republic , 1797-185 , ?
4 Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?
1 What does a phobophobe fear ?
4 Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?
0 What is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
4 Where can I find information about Bob Barr , representative from Georgia ?
1 What animal received royal assent as an emblem of Canada on March 24 , 1975 ?
4 What famed London criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
0 What was the effect of the Yalta Conference ?
1 Name a Gaelic language .
4 What is the capital of Zimbabwe ?
0 How did Edith Bunker die ?
5 When was Florida admitted into the Union ?
5 What 's the first day of the week ?
3 Who invented basketball ?
0 What is the Peloponnesian League ?
4 Which city in China has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
1 What dog was dubbed The Mortgage Lifter ?
3 Who was the president of Vichy France ?
0 What are the Valdez Principles ?
3 What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?
0 How do you dunk ?
1 What tragedy befell the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?
0 What is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
3 Who portrayed Renaud in Casablanca ?
0 What is Srpska Krajina ?
1 What generation am I in ?
1 What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint ?
5 What season is the setting for Shakespeare 's Midsummer Night 's Dream ?
1 What is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?
5 How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?
0 What are polymers ?
3 Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
3 What company produces Spumante ?
4 What country was Hitler the chancellor of ?
3 Who is the Antichrist ?
4 What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
4 Where is Microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
5 How many people visit the Pope each month ?
3 Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
0 What is a Jake brake ?
5 What percentage of the body is muscle ?
3 What was Marilyn Monroe 's real name ?
3 What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?
4 What city does McCarren Airport serve ?
5 The Olympic Games in which year allowed Nadia Comaneci to become popular ?
0 What did Lenny Bruce say that got him arrested ?
3 Who was the architect of Central Park ?
3 Name a French fascist party .
5 How much money does the Sultan of Brunei have ?
3 What diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?
0 What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?
5 How long would it take to get from Earth to Mars ?
3 Who loved Flash Gordon besides Dale ?
3 What title does comedian Henry Youngman claim ?
4 Where was Richard Nixon when Gerald Ford became president ?
0 What 's a water funnel ?
1 What do peacocks mate with ?
1 The Jewish alphabet is known as what ?
4 Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander ?
5 How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged ?
3 Who should I call to get a tour of the New York Stock Exchange ?
0 What was an `` Asiento '' ?
1 What ocean liner burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor ?
1 What is 55 times sweeter than cane sugar ?
0 Why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
4 Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay ?
3 Who invented the instant Polaroid camera ?
4 Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
1 What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
2 What is TMJ ?
0 What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''
2 What does G.M.T. stand for ?
5 When did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?
1 What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?
0 What is a transistor ?
1 What 1963 Joseph L. Mankiewicz film cost $28 million ?
3 What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel ?
5 How many muscles does an oyster have ?
0 How can I get a comic character I made copyrighted and published ?
0 What are coral reefs ?
3 Who was the first man to fly across the Pacific Ocean ?
0 What was the importance of Magellan ?
0 What is a Guild ?
1 What color are school buses ?
3 Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?
1 What line divided the North and South in the U.S. Civil War ?
3 What President once told Gene Autry : `` Please give my regards to your wife Dale '' ?
4 Where is Ayer 's rock ?
3 Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
5 When is the official first day of summer ?
5 How much did the Iran-Contra investigation cost ?
4 What 's the longest river in Canada ?
5 What is the current unemployment rate in the U.S. ?
1 What disease is the second-biggest killer of North Americans ?
0 Why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
4 What city had a world fair in 1900 ?
5 How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
1 What fossilizes to form coprolite ?
3 Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
0 What is supernova ?
1 What was the killer whale who died at Sea World of a fungal infection named ?
5 How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?
5 What year did Rossetti paint `` Beata Beatrix '' ?
0 What is the origin of Boxing Day ?
0 How can I easily remove red wine stains from t-shirts ?
4 What is the location of the Sea of Tranquility ?
3 What President hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting No. 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
1 What blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?
4 What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer ?
1 What 's the most common non-contagious disease in the world ?
1 What sport is played on the largest field ?
3 Who died with more than 1 , 000 U.S. patents to his credit ?
3 Who was the Secretary of War in the Civil War during the Battle of Gettysburg ?
0 How do telephones work ?
0 How do you make the color purple ?
5 How big is the largest diamond ?
0 What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
3 Whose kidnaping was termed The Crime of the Century ?
3 Who invented Astroturf ?
1 What type of performer is Ileana Cotrubas ?
0 What is the design of the ship Titanic ?
3 What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?
4 Where are the National Archives ?
3 Who is the worst US President ever ?
1 What is April 's gemstone ?
4 What 's the sacred river of India ?
3 What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with ?
0 How can you tell if someone is lying ?
0 How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced ?
1 What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
5 What percent of world 's fresh water is found in Canada ?
0 How is Abigail Arcane related to the villainous opponent of the Swamp Thing ?
5 How tall is the Matterhorn ?
3 Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization , HUGO , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?
0 Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
3 Who was Abraham Lincoln ?
1 What is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
1 What 's a Craps player called ?
1 In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?
0 What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea ?
3 Who owns CNN ?
1 What is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of California ?
5 What was the first minimum wage ?
4 What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
0 What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo ?
1 What is a fear of bees ?
2 What does pH stand for ?
0 What do Hank Aaron , Jimmy Stewart , and Howard K. Smith have in common ?
5 How many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
4 Where are all European and American eels born ?
3 Who was president in 1913 ?
1 What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character ?
5 What is the population of Mozambique ?
1 What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ ?
3 Name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies ' .
0 What is a wart ?
3 Who killed Lee Harvey Oswald ?
0 What is the C programming language ?
3 What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
0 Where did Indian Pudding come from ?
1 What is the West Virginia state animal ?
1 What song did Patti Page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
3 What record company was formed by Herb Alpert and Jerry Moss ?
4 Where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , Lane Victory , which Merchant Marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
1 What were the ceremony traditions like during the Elizabethian times ?
5 How many small businesses are there in the U.S .
0 What is hybridization ?
0 What does `` Philebus-like '' mean ?
4 What U.S. city is known as The Rubber Capital of the World ?
0 What is a parasite ?
0 How do ants have sex ?
0 How do you get silly putty out of fabric ?
1 What did the Congress of Vienna establish ?
1 What 's the common name for a Japanese dwarf tree ?
4 Where is the world championship sled dog race held each February ?
0 How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of `` Roger & Me '' ?
1 What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
5 How many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
1 What is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?
4 What river does the Grand Coulee Dam dam ?
1 What beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?
1 What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
5 In what year was the first patent for the pull-tab opener on cans obtained ?
3 Who found Hawaii ?
1 What is another name for nearsightedness ?
5 How many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
1 What line of luggage is named after a famous American flier ?
1 What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas ?
0 What is the origin of the word nevermind ?
4 What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?
3 Who discovered oxygen ?
0 What is saltpeter ?
1 What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster film he dubbed into English as a comedy ?
0 What is InterLata Internet service ?
3 What count did Alexandre Dumas write about ?
1 Names of books by James A. Michener set in the following locations ?
1 What currency is used in Australia ?
3 Who painted `` Soft Self-Portrait with Grilled Bacon '' ?
4 Where did Bill Gates go to college ?
1 Name the ship Beany and Cecil sailed .
3 What is the best art and design school in the world ?
0 How do websites like Yahoo and Excite make money ?
5 What was the Great Britain population from 1699-172 ?
5 When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
0 Define Sinn Fein .
4 What country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?
5 What year did Hitler die ?
1 What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?
4 Name the highest mountain .
5 How many e-commerce companies are started every day ?
2 What is HTML ?
5 How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
1 On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found ?
5 How long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
1 What color was the hundred billionth crayon made by Crayola ?
1 What money was used by them ?
1 What kind of creatures are the Canary Islands named for ?
4 Where did Luther display his `` Ninety-Five Theses '' ?
1 What phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication The Bigfoot News ?
3 Which comedian 's signature line is `` Can we talk '' ?
0 What happened to Phillip Taylor Kramer ?
3 Who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
5 What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
4 Where on the Internet can I find information on laundry detergent ?
2 What is SAP ?
4 Where is the Virtual Desk Reference ?
1 What is the best way to overcome a fear ?
2 What is DEET ?
0 How do I install a tile floor ?
0 How can you tell when figs are ripe ?
3 Who was the first elected mayor of Washington , D.C. ?
3 What was the backup singing group for Roy Rogers ?
0 Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions ?
1 Name a Sioux language .
5 How much in miles is a ten K run ?
0 What is form drag ?
3 What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities ?
4 What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
0 How does James Bond like his martinis ?
1 What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
1 How do you say I love you in Spanish ?
5 On which dates does the running of the bulls occur in Pamplona , Spain ?
1 What is a fear of home surroundings ?
0 What are the living conditions in Cuba ?
3 Who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
1 What 's the International Lawn Tennis Challenge Trophy usually called ?
5 How many games are played in a five-team round-robin tournament ?
3 What is the real name of disc jockey `` Wolfman Jack '' ?
5 How old is Bernadette Peters ?
1 What operating system do IBM-compatible machines use ?
3 What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?
0 What is the origin of infinity ?
3 What is the name of the firm that makes Spumante ?
5 How many colleges are in Wyoming ?
1 What is the name of David Letterman 's dog ?
4 Where is Belize located ?
3 Who was known as the Time Master in comic books ?
1 What blew up at Lakehurst , New Jersey , on May 6 , 1977 ?
4 In which state are the Mark Twain National Forests ?
1 What is the longest word in the English language ?
3 What was the infamous pseudonym of Peter Sutcliffe ?
5 When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?
0 What is dew point ?
1 Garry Kasparov plays what game ?
3 What king is satirized in the line : `` The King was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
5 What year did the Milwaukee Braves become the Atlanta Braves ?
0 How does color affect a person psychologically ?
0 What effect does a prism have on light ?
3 What people make up half the Soviet Union 's population ?
3 Who founded the modern theory of probability ?
0 How you can raise your IQ ?
0 How do they find an epicenter ?
0 What is the half-life of P-32 ?
1 What daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the USA '' ?
5 How long were Tyrannosaurus Rex 's teeth ?
1 What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
4 Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?
0 Why is poop sometimes different colors ?
1 What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner ?
3 Which Rockefeller was sometimes called `` JDR3 '' ?
3 Name a ballet company Mikhail Baryshnikov has danced for ?
4 What do we call the imaginary line along the top of the Rocky Mountains ?
0 How do I impress a guy ?
4 What is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania ?
1 What did brontosauruses eat ?
3 Who wrote the poem that starts `` I love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
5 What are the highest-paying odds on a roulette table ?
5 What was the date of CNN 's first broadcast ?
1 What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang ?
3 Which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in Ventura County ?
1 What horse did Zorro ride ?
3 Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?
4 What state did Helen Keller call home ?
3 Who won the first World Series ?
3 What political party is Sinn Fein a part of ?
1 What are the 10 plagues of Egypt ?
3 What inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in July , 1984 ?
0 What happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
1 What is the weakest bone in the body ?
1 What is pastrami made of ?
5 What is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the Manhatten Project ?
1 What are the different types of plastic ?
0 What is the Socratic method ?
0 What is ` Last Chance for Animals ' ?
0 What is usenet for the Internet ?
1 What flag flies over Wake Island ?
3 What is the name of the deranged super-criminal Otto Octavius uses ?
3 Who plays the cop in the movie `` Kindergarten Cop '' ?
0 What are capers ?
0 How did the jack-o '-lantern get it 's name ?
4 What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
0 Why are the U.S. presidential elections held in November ?
1 What did Edward Binney and Howard Smith invent in 1903 ?
5 How many neurons are in the human brain ?
0 Why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
0 What is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
0 How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
0 How did Janice Joplin die ?
1 What kind of tree graces Lebanon 's flag ?
3 What was Thatcher 's first name ?
4 Where are good science sites on the Internet ?
5 What is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
5 How many home runs did Babe Ruth hit in his lifetime ?
3 Name a South African diamond producer ?
3 What comic of TV 's golden age went by the motto `` Anything for a laugh '' ?
3 Name the fast food chain with the golden arches .
5 When is hurricane season in the Caribbean ?
1 What three colors are on the French flag ?
0 What do I have to do to get good grades in school ?
0 What does the name ` Alexandra ' mean ?
3 Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
3 Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 ?
1 What determines the value of the pearl ?
5 What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
1 What magazine paid $5 , 000 for an eight-millimeter film of John F. Kennedy 's assassination ?
1 What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
4 What is the country of origin for the name Thomas ?
4 What is the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea ?
3 What terrorist group was headed by Donald DeFreeze ?
3 What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?
5 How long was Mao 's 1930s Long March ?
5 When is Boxing Day ?
3 What female painter produced primitives of rural New England life ?
3 Who is Langston Hughes ?
0 Why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
0 What is a pyrotechnic display ?
1 What sport do the Cleaveland Cavaliers play ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
1 What is the most radioactive food ?
1 What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
4 Mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
1 What game does Garry Kasparov play ?
3 What was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV ?
3 What mystery writer penned `` ...the glory that was Greece , and the grandeur that was Rome '' ?
3 Who was the last woman executed in England ?
1 What common ailment can 't you catch at the North Pole ?
4 What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
5 How many Great Lakes are there ?
1 What do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?
3 Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?
4 What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu ?
3 What President became Chief Justice after his presidency ?
3 What Argentine revolutionary fought with Castro and died in Bolivia in May , 1979 ?
0 How do storms form ?
5 What is the speed of light ?
1 What did Vasco da Gama discover ?
4 In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
4 Where is Mile High Stadium ?
0 What is a fuel cell ?
1 What is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?
1 What Caribbean cult did Marcus Garvey originate ?
3 Who seized power from Milton Obote in 1971 ?
4 What two countries fought the Hundred Years ' War ?
5 How many four star generals were there and who are they ?
4 What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
5 What is the size of the student body at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
5 What date did Neil Armstrong land on the moon ?
0 What is the origin of the name Katie ?
3 Who wrote Brave New World ?
1 What is a fear of hair ?
3 Who invented the stethoscope ?
4 What U.S. state 's motto is `` Live free or Die '' ?
4 What Scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
0 What is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
5 How many languages are there in the world ?
0 How do anti-locking brakes work ?
4 What country is Kosovo a part of ?
1 What are the spots on dominoes called ?
4 What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?
5 How many mountains have been named for Presidents in the continental USA ?
5 What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
0 What is Sinn Fein ?
5 How long has L.L. Cool J. been married ?
3 What Pope inaugurated Vatican International Radio ?
3 What title did Shevardnadze have during the Soviet era ?
0 How can you prevent it ?
0 What is agent orange ?
0 What is a Cartesian Diver ?
3 What university fired Angela Davis ?
1 What is the Islamic counterpart to the Red Cross ?
0 What is pandoro ?
3 What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?
5 How long does it take different materials to decompose ?
3 What does Robin Williams do ?
0 What is myopia ?
3 What was the name of the director of the movie `` Jaws '' ?
4 Where are the Haversian canals ?
1 What are the three secondary colors ?
1 What football bowl game 's first queen was Hallie Woods ?
0 What is `` the washed vodka '' ?
4 Where does Ray Bradbury 's Chronicles take place ?
4 What are the world 's four oceans ?
0 How did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
1 What Shakespeare play opens with the line : `` Now is the winter of our discontent.. . '' ?
3 What is Larry King 's job ?
1 What was FDR 's dog 's name ?
1 What should the oven be set at for baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
3 Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
5 By how much will the California state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
1 What element , from the Periodic Table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?
5 How much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
0 What is lung cancer ?
4 Where are the busiest Amtrak rail stations in the U.S. ?
5 How many calories are in a tomato ?
4 Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
3 What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?
5 When did President Kennedy , Lee Harvey Oswald , and Jack Ruby all die ?
3 What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?
1 What is the colorful Korean traditional dress called ?
5 How many `` No '' answers was the What 's My Line ? panel allowed ?
5 Independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?
1 What Nevil Shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?
3 Name Dondi 's adoptive grandfather .
3 Who gave King Arthur the round table ?
3 Name the U.S. Senate majority leader and the Speaker of the House .
5 How long does it take to hike the entire Appalachian Trail ?
3 Who wrote `` Much Ado About Nothing '' ?
3 What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?
4 Where did the Wright brothers make their first flight ?
5 How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
4 What are the top five oil-producing countries in the world ?
0 What is the S&P 500 used for ?
3 What comedienne upstaged Dwight D. Eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
5 How many disks does each player have in a four-handed game of Crokinole ?
0 What is nuclear power ?
3 What actor and World War II airman had a $5 , 0 bounty put on his head by Hermann Goering ?
4 Where is Tornado Alley ?
3 What Italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
3 Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to ?
5 What is the population of Japan ?
4 Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?
3 What bread company used to feature stickers of the Cisco Kid on the ends of their packages ?
1 What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?
3 Who was the prophet of the Muslim people ?
0 What happened in the Long March ?
1 What 's known as The queen of Drinks ?
5 What time of year do most people fly ?
3 What monarch signed the Magna Carta ?
3 What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
5 When was the Congress of Vienna ?
4 Where does Mother Angelica live ?
5 What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?
0 How do I know how much money to save for retirement ?
0 Why do movie and TV stars get paid so much ?
3 Who declared : `` I think I 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
3 Who is Johnny Carson ?
0 What is diabetes ?
4 Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?
0 What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?
1 What was the most popular toy in 1957 ?
0 How can I look up someone 's E-mail address on the Internet ?
1 What were Christopher Columbus ' three ships ?
1 What animal occurs in Spielberg 's `` Jaws '' ?
0 How did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
0 What is the esophagus used for ?
1 What is a movie that Kevin Costner made about Sioux Indians ?
3 What record company produced the 1978 movie The Wiz ?
5 What is the population of Australia ?
4 What is the longest suspension bridge in the U.S. ?
4 What direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
1 How do you say 2 in Latin ?
5 What is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
0 Why are there olives in martinis ?
5 What century does Captain Video live in ?
5 When was the first liver transplant ?
3 Who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
3 Who was elected president of South Africa in 1994 ?
3 Name the lawyer for Randy Craft .
4 What South American city features the exclusive Copacabana Beach and Ipanema ?
5 How far away is the moon ?
1 What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
0 What does the word terrorism mean ?
3 What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?
5 How long did Rip Van Winkle sleep ?
0 What makes salt ?
3 Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
5 What year did Canada join the United Nations ?
1 What 's the biggest-selling U.S. magazine aimed at a black audience ?
3 Who were the head writers for the Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour ?
0 How does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
3 Who was the prophet of the Jewish people ?
1 What cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?
2 What does A&W of root beer fame stand for ?
3 Who is the mathematician that won the Noble Prize for Literature in 1950 ?
0 What are ethics ?
4 Where can I learn about Samuel Gompers ?
0 What 's the Olympic motto ?
1 What TV show chronicled the lives of Katy Holstrum and Congressman Glen Morley ?
3 Who was the first President to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
3 Who is Count Cinzano ?
0 What happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
0 Why is Microsoft 's Windows 3 such a successful computer program ?
2 What does SIDS stand for ?
3 Who is William Wordsworth ?
5 Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?
0 What is software piracy ?
5 How far is it from Phoenix to Blythe ?
0 What caused Harry Houdini 's death ?
0 What was Suzy Parker doing to earn $1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?
5 How many miles is it from NY to Austria ?
0 What is the definition of cecum ?
3 What baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
3 Who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by Robin Williams in `` Dead Poets Society '' ?
5 How tall is the Gateway Arch in St. Louis , MO ?
0 What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?
3 Who 's baby was Sweet Pea on the Popeye cartoon ?
4 What city has the two steepest streets in the U.S. ?
0 What is difference between a poster and a print ?
0 What is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
4 What country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
4 What country 's royal house is Bourbon-Parma ?
1 What disease plagued Europe , Africa and Asia ?
4 Where is the highest point in Japan ?
1 What shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?
3 Who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
5 When is St. Patrick 's Day ?
1 What was the first satellite to go into space ?
0 What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' ?
0 What is fungus ?
4 What Tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
0 Why is Jane Goodall famous ?
3 Who sent the brief message `` I came , I saw , I conquered '' ?
3 Who invented silly putty ?
1 What were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
1 What is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the English language ?
5 How many flavors does Baskin & Robbins offer ?
5 How much could you rent a Volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
3 Who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of Provo Canyon , Utah ?
1 What is the statue of liberty made of ?
0 What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?
0 What 's an auberge in France ?
3 What task does the Bouvier breed of dog perform ?
5 How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
5 The Iraqis launched their attack on Kuwait on what day ?
3 Whom did Lauren Bacall marry after her husband Humphrey Bogart died ?
0 Why are there Braille things on the ATM machines that people drive through ?
2 What is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?
4 Where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?
1 What significant battle was fought in Belgium in 1815 ?
5 How many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
1 What new year is celebrated on February 16th ?
1 What materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
1 What is the movie Jonathan Livingstone Seagull ?
3 What American sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during World War II and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two Oscars ?
1 What is a fear of drinking ?
3 What kind of business is 7-Eleven ?
3 What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?
5 When were the Olympic Games in which Nadia Comaneci became popular played ?
0 How can you define time ?
1 What George Harrison tune sounded too much like He 's So Fine by The Chiffons ?
3 What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?
3 Which college did Dikembe Mutombo attend ?
3 Who provides telephone service in Orange County , California ?
4 What state 's home to the Buffalo Bill Historical Center ?
5 When was the Hoover Dam constructed ?
5 What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
1 Where is the human skin least sensitive ?
1 What film was Jude Law in ?
5 In what year was the Wall built ?
5 When did Aldous Huxley write , `` Brave New World '' ?
1 Winnie the Pooh is what kind of animal ?
0 What does ciao mean ?
0 What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
1 What was George Washington afraid of ?
5 How many URL extensions are there ? and what are they ?
3 What hard-of hearing artist painted Sunflowers ?
3 Who was the first person to reach the North Pole ?
3 Who made the first airplane that could fly ?
0 What are pomegranates ?
5 How much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in Monopoly ?
5 What year did the Titanic start on its journey ?
5 How many objects orbit the Earth ?
5 How long does a fly live ?
0 Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from ?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
1 Name of King Arthur 's sword ?
0 What is artificial intelligence ?
0 What is color ?
5 When was the telephone invented ?
1 What sports magazine has the largest circulation ?
1 What stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
3 What Batman character tools around on a Batcycle ?
4 Name a civil war battlefield .
5 How many U.S. presidents were assassinated during Queen Victoria 's reign ?
3 Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band ?
1 What color is a giraffe 's tongue ?
5 How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
5 When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?
1 What sport does Chris Jogis play ?
0 What is a `` repeating voter '' ?
5 Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
5 When is the Thai New Year ?
1 What kind of puzzle first appeared in the U.S. in the New York World on December 21 , 1913 ?
1 Which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
3 Who headed Hitler 's infamous Gestapo ?
4 What was Einstein 's birthplace ?
3 With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein ?
5 How many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
0 What is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
0 What is dianetics ?
3 What Hall of Fame pitcher started three World Series Games for the New York Yankees in 1962 ?
5 When was the Boston tea party ?
0 How does General Mills manufacture Cheerios ?
0 What was the filling in the first golf balls ?
0 What 's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills ?
1 What war was fought by the Spanish as far as the Philippines ?
1 What is Latin for incompetent ?
0 What is angiotensin ?
3 Who is John Macarthur , 1767-1834 ?
1 In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
0 Why does a wheel , e.g. a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
0 Why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
4 Where can I get a photograph of professor Randolph Quirk ?
1 What anesthetic did Queen Victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
0 What does e=mc2 mean ?
4 What is the oldest city in the United States ?
5 What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
0 What is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
4 What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
4 What man-made waterways is 1.76 miles long ?
1 What is the most common eye color ?
3 What 's the name of Tom Sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
5 What is the population of Mexico ?
4 What nationality is Gorbachev ?
5 How tall is the replica of the Matterhorn at Disneyland ?
0 What are the Baltic States ?
0 What is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
3 Who played the original Charlie 's Angels ?
4 Where did the Maya people live ?
0 What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
5 How long was the longest sneezing attack ?
1 What scale measures earthquakes ?
4 What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?
0 What are amicable numbers ?
0 What is La Nina ?
4 Where are there aborigines ?
5 How much snow equals an inch of rain ?
3 Who was Tiny Tim 's father ?
0 How do you clean an LCD monitor screen ?
5 How big is our galaxy in diameter ?
1 What are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
0 How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
4 Where do quality drinks begin ?
4 What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?
1 What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken ?
1 What is a fear of sinning ?
3 What group included Abbey Hoffman , Jerry Rubin , and Tom Hayden ?
1 What is the name of the dog on the Cracker Jack box ?
0 What was the Vietnam War ?
1 What is Maryland 's state bird ?
1 What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
0 How do I get another city 's newspaper ?
4 Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
1 What is a fear of ruin ?
1 What predators exist on Antarctica ?
5 How many people did Randy Craft kill ?
1 What Nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
1 What is Dr. Seuss ' most popular book ?
3 Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?
5 How tall is Prince Charles ?
3 Who killed Kurt Cobain ?
0 What caused the Titanic to sink ?
4 Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?
5 What year did Degas create the bronze sculpture , `` Fourth Position Front ? ''
1 What is a fear of stings ?
5 In what year did Thatcher gain power ?
0 Why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
1 What trophy is awarded to the winners of the Super Bowl ?
0 What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair ?
4 What nation boarders Mozambique ?
3 What Nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
1 Jude Law acted in which film ?
3 Who sang about Desmond and Molly Jones ?
1 What is the world 's deadliest infectious disease ?
0 What motto ended Merrie Melodies cartoons ?
5 What date is Boxing Day ?
1 What was Mae West 's last film ?
0 What is the pH scale ?
4 On what river is Rome built ?
3 Which team won the Super Bowl in 1968 ?
4 What is the largest city in Texas ?
0 What are hook worms ?
1 Which drug is commonly used to treat AIDS ?
0 What are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
0 What does the Greek word polis mean , as in Minneapolis ?
5 How many cities are there in Utah ?
5 How much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the US ? , DT CD NN NN ,
4 What county is Chicago in ?
1 What is the chemical composition of a Barbie ?
5 When was President Kennedy shot ?
4 What capital is built around Monument Circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?
5 About how many Americans are still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
5 What is the length of the coastline of the state of Alaska ?
0 What are pediatricians ?
3 The major league baseball team in Pittsburgh is called what ?
1 What is a fear of being alone ?
1 What ice creams contain seaweed ?
0 Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
5 How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea ?
0 What is compounded interest ?
3 What American won the world Grand Prix driving championship in 1978 ?
0 How does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
3 What was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with Aaron Burr ?
1 What did The Gas House Gang play ?
5 When did beethoven die ?
5 What year did the United States abolish the draft ?
0 What are liver enzymes ?
4 Where was the first zoo in the U.S. ?
1 What TV series features the adventures of a married couple named Jonathan and Jennifer ?
1 Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .
5 How far can a human eye see ?
1 What is the brand name of daminozide ?
5 How many times has Harold Stassen announced a drive for the White House ?
0 How is bubble wrap made ?
0 What makes a clitoris sensitive ?
5 What year was Desmond Mpilo Tutu awarded the Nobel Peace Prize ?
5 What month , date , and year did Charles I die ?
3 What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?
0 What is The Gay Science ?
3 Who owns the rights on a TV program ?
4 What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?
4 Where is Natchitoches , Louisiana ?
3 Who is the sexiest women in the world ?
3 Who were leaders of the Byzantine empire ?
3 Who was Monet ?
0 Why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
3 What actor said in A Day at the Races : `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
5 What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
4 Where did the Inuits live ?
3 Name the three races unleashed by the Celestials in Marvel comics .
1 What drink is the best thirst-quencher ?
4 Where can I find an Ask An Expert site ?
5 What are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
0 What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
5 What 's the population of Biloxi , Mississippi ?
2 What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?
0 How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
4 What are the seven seas ?
5 What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?
4 Where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
5 How many freckles does Howdy Doody have on his face ?
0 Why are the ears your center of balance ?
0 What 's the distinction of U.S. Supreme Court Justice Thurgood Marshall ?
0 What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
0 Where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
0 How can I find out my biorhythm ?
3 What Cherokee Indian gave his name to a tree ?
3 Who was Jean Nicolet ?
3 Who was the first governor of Alaska ?
3 Who is the tallest man in the world ?
4 Where are the Austerlitz and Victor Hugo subway stops ?
3 Who lives at 39 Stone Canyon Way ?
3 Who was International Olympic Committee chairman at the 1936 Summer Games ?
4 What was the former residence of Scottish kings in Edinburgh ?
0 Where do rocks come from ?
3 Who is the son-in-law of Sen. Everett Dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
4 What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?
1 What food can I use to catch a possum ?
3 Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?
4 Where are the apartments in Saint John , New Brunswick ?
3 What 's the supreme policy-making bureau of the Soviet Communist Party ?
5 How far can you see ?
2 What does the acronym NASA stand for ?
0 What is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
1 What is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which British troops killed over 3 unarmed Indian protestors ?
4 In what state was the first co-educational college established
3 What culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
0 What is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
3 What is Goldfinger 's first name ?
1 What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends : `` Well , maybe next year.. . '' ?
1 What terror of the sea did Johnny Horton sing about ?
3 Who is Stein Eriksen ?
3 What journalist can be found in and around Walden Puddle ?
3 Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?
1 Which is heavier - cream or milk ?
0 What are Bellworts ?
3 Who said : `` What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
3 What U.S. senator once played basketball for the New York Knicks ?
3 What king boycotted Prince Charles 's wedding ?
0 What 's the mystery of the Bermuda Triangle ?
3 Who wrote the Bible ?
3 Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
3 Who wrote The Collector ?
3 Which of the following TV newsmen was a Rhodes scholar ?
0 How does rabies spread ?
1 What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S. ?
3 Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
4 Where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?
3 Who was the first Taiwanese President ?
1 What are the stars made of ?
1 What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
5 How much did Varian Associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the BOC group for ?
3 Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?
1 What was the name of the plane Lindbergh flew solo across the Atlantic ?
5 What is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
0 What is different about the red and black fox ?
0 What does `` Janelle '' mean ?
0 What is an obtuse angle ?
5 How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names ?
1 What cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
5 How many liberty bells have there been ?
1 What book is the follow-up to Future Shock ?
2 What does S.O.S. stand for ?
1 What precious stone is a form of pure carbon ?
4 Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?
5 How much time does the blinking of an eye take ?
5 What was Einstein 's IQ ?
0 Where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
1 What card suit originally represented the peasant class ?
4 What bordering country is due north of Costa Rica ?
0 What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
1 What 's the second-biggest-selling magazine in America ?
1 What color is a poison arrow frog ?
1 What net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the Uber Cup ?
4 What is the location of Lake Champlain ?
4 Where was Tesla born ?
5 How many megawatts will the power project in Indonesia , built by a consortium headed by Mission Energy of US , produce ?
3 Who was Darth Vader 's son ?
3 Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?
1 What nuclear-powered Russian submarine sank in the Norwegian Sea on April 7 , 1989 ?
3 What Mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
1 What 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in New Orleans ?
3 What little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
4 Where is Melbourne ?
3 What Chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
4 Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?
5 What year was Janet Jackson 's first album released ?
3 Who invented the pull-tab opener on cans ?
5 What is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
4 Where were the 1936 Summer Olympics held ?
3 What is the best distance education university or college ?
1 What is the recipe or formula for Coca-Cola ?
1 What is the name given to the Islamic counterpart of the Red Cross ?
4 Where can one find Rider College ?
1 Aspartame is known by what other name ?
2 In a computer , what does SCSI mean ?
5 What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
0 How does the Nintendo `` Zapper '' work ?
3 Who recorded the 1957 hit Tammy ?
3 Who reports the weather on the `` Good Morning America '' television show ?
3 Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?
5 When did Mount St. Helens last erupt ?
3 What character narrates Treasure Island ?
5 How much does the human adult female brain weigh ?
0 How do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
4 Where can I buy a good snowboard for less than $200 ?
0 How successful is arometherapy ?
5 What year did Oklahoma become a state ?
0 What does the name Shawn mean ?
0 How do they type Chinese characters on a keyboard ?
1 What concerts are held in New York this week ?
4 The Orange Bowl is located in what city ?
0 How do I legally make my own will and testament ?
3 What 's the most common surname in America ?
3 What college did Joe Namath play football for ?
0 What does storm wave mean in Japanese ?
1 What 's the literary term for a play on words ?
3 What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage ?
1 What are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?
3 What kind of people took part in Shays ' Rebellion in Massachusetts in 1787 ?
5 How much salt is in the oceans ?
1 What does a dipsomaniac crave ?
5 What is the current population for these countries : France , Spain , Italy , Greece , Austria , Germany , Switzerland , the Netherlands ?
3 Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?
0 What is being done about the millennium bug ?
1 What kind of car did Janis Joplin ask the Lord to buy her ?
0 What is the origin of the city `` Corpus Christi '' ?
3 What 2th-century fictional character attends Pencey Prep School ?
4 What Asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
5 When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ ?
5 What was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
1 What part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the Old West ?
3 What was the previous name for the Commonwealth ?
0 How do boats float ?
3 What is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
1 What kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?
3 Who sang the song `` Hooked on a Feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` Ally Mcbeal '' ?
0 How can I enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please .
1 What was the worst hurricane ?
0 What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?
3 What author was appointed U.S. ambassador to Spain in 1842 ?
4 What U.S. state are the Finger Lakes in ?
4 Where did King Francis I hang the `` Mona Lisa '' when he owned it ?
4 What are the three most populated countries in the world ?
3 Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?
0 What are xerophytes ?
1 What are birds descendents of ?
0 How did the Great Depression affect Japan 's history ?
3 What artist 's studio was the Bateau-Lavoir in Montmartre ?
0 Why is Indiglo called Indiglo ?
0 What is recruitment interview technique ?
1 What was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?
0 What must a Las Vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
5 How many people in America snore ?
1 What 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
3 Who built the first pyramid ?
3 Who was the first king of England ?
4 What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
3 Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
4 What country imposed the Berlin Blockade in 1948 ?
0 What is tumbled marble ?
0 What are tannins ?
0 How is the element strontium purified ?
1 What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?
0 What is Jane Goodall known for ?
4 Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
1 What species is a colt ?
0 Define Spumante .
3 What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by ?
3 Who was Ezra Taft Benson ?
4 What U.S. city 's skyline boasts the Gateway Arch ?
4 What 's the largest U.S. city on the Great Lakes ?
0 What was the reason for the partition of the Anglican and Vatican churches ?
0 What 's the Red Planet ?
5 When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?
3 What is Pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?
5 How many layers does a bottle of Yoo-Hoo settle into ?
1 What is a fear of children ?
1 What do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
0 Define cosmology .
4 What country claimed Rubens , Van Dyck and Bruegel as citizens ?
1 What film ends with the line : `` This is Mrs. Norman Maine '' ?
3 What is the most popular last name ?
3 Who is the French literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
3 What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?
4 What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?
0 What are the Poconos ?
0 What are geckos ?
0 What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?
3 What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?
3 What former African leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
4 What ocean did the Titanic sink in ?
3 Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?
0 What is a pig in a poke ?
4 Where is Romania located ?
1 What British TV series inspired All in the Family ?
0 Why is the grass green ?
0 For what reason did the Shea & Gould law firm close their L.A. office ?
1 What did San Francisco 's Milt Harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974 ?
1 What is another word for diet ?
0 What is a First World country ?
3 What 's comic strip photographer Peter Parker 's secret identity ?
4 What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
5 What is Judy Garland 's date of birth ?
0 What is the Hub of London ?
0 What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
0 What is the history of `` the toast '' ?
5 How fast is the speed of light ?
1 What is the plural of gulf ?
3 What fool is not so wise To lose an oath to win a paradise ?
4 What building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
1 Musician Ray Charles plays what instrument ?
4 What continent is Argentina on ?
5 What is the life span of the average monkey ?
4 What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?
4 Where can stocks be traded on-line ?
5 How high is the city of Denver ?
1 What 's the world 's most common compound ?
4 Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
4 What country was A Terrible Beauty to Leon Uris ?
3 Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg : Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' ?
3 What is the present Pope named ?
3 Who is Desmond Tutu ?
1 What are John C. Calhoun and Henry Clay known as ?
0 What does the name Calder mean ?
3 What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?
5 How many endangered species are there in the world ?
0 What is idealab ! ?
0 What does Robert mean ?
3 Who is the current prime minister and president of Russia ?
4 Where can I find up-to-date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along North America and the Caribbean ?
1 What sport can a free-legged pacer compete in ?
1 What became the biggest cash crop in the U.S. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?
4 What state did Anita Bryant represent in the 1959 Miss America contest ?
3 Who portrayed Carl Bernstein in All the President 's Men ?
1 What measures did Clinton take to avoid the draft ?
0 Where did the name root beer come from ?
3 Who made Stonehenge ?
4 What are some mythology websites ?
0 What is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
5 What is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
4 Where does chocolate come from ?
1 What organ contains the islands of Langerhans ?
3 When not adventuring on Rann , what does Adam Strange call his profession ?
4 What is the oldest building in the United States ?
5 On what day were John F and Jackie Kennedy married ?
0 How is saline used in medicine ?
4 What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?
3 What mustachioed comedian portrayed Frankie in North to Alaska ?
1 What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98 ?
1 What disease does Katharine Hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
5 When did Idaho become a state ?
4 Where on the body is a mortarboard worn ?
5 How many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
3 Who was Hitler 's minister of propaganda ?
5 What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
0 What are the most common causes of death in the U.S. ?
3 Who wrote The Ugly Duckling ?
5 In what year did the US Marine Corps adopt the motto `` Semper Fidelis '' ?
1 What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 ?
5 What is Susan B. Anthony 's birthday ?
4 In what part of the world is Mozambique ?
3 What was Fred Astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
0 What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
3 What are the top boy names in the U.S. ?
0 What are invertebrates ?
1 Jude Law was in what movie ?
1 What was the name of the Crimean meeting of Roosevelt , Churchill , and Stalin ?
1 What monastery was raided by Vikings in the late eighth century ?
0 What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
1 What film opens with an assassin tumbling from the Seattle Space Needle ?
1 What 's bottled in jeroboams ?
1 What novel has Big Brother watching ?
4 Where is Logan Airport ?
0 What are some fun things to do in Cozumel , Mexico for teenagers ?
3 What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?
4 Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?
3 Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?
4 Where does the tennis star Stefan Edberg come from ?
5 How many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?
5 What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard ?
0 Why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
3 What was the Ventura County police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
5 What year is etched on the Gold Medal of Excellence from the Paris Exposition depicted on a can of Campbell 's tomato soup ?
1 What is a fear of weakness ?
3 Who is the richest woman in the world ?
3 Who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
0 What causes blue balls ?
1 What do the French call La Manche ?
1 What was the name of the peace agreement imposed on Germany after World War I ?
0 What was the `` Dead Man 's Hand '' ?
4 Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
0 What is amezaiku ?
0 Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
4 What are all the southern states of the United States ?
1 What car was driven in the 199 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?
4 Where in the Americas is it only 47 miles from the Atlantic to the Pacific ?
0 Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?
0 How do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
3 Who did Napolean defeat at Jena and Auerstadt ?
1 What beer tells us , `` Grab all the gusto you can get . '' ?
1 What kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?
1 Aspartame is also known as what ?
0 What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?
5 What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
4 What country comes last in an alphabetical list ?
3 What is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?
0 What are the short- and long-term effects of underage drinking ?
4 What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in ?
3 Who is the governor of Alaska ?
1 What is foot and mouth disease ?
3 Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?
5 How many inches over six feet is Tom Selleck ?
0 What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?
4 What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
0 What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?
3 Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars ?
5 What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
4 What U.S. state 's biggest lake is Lake Sam Rayburn ?
4 What U.S. state is Fort Knox in ?
0 What are the lyrics to `` Smelly Cat '' ?
3 Which Vietnamese terrorist is now a UN delegate in Doonesbury ?
4 Where did the real St. Nicholas live ?
1 What does an edentulous smile lack ?
3 What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?
3 Who shot Billy the Kid ?
0 What caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the United Nations General Assembly ?
3 What Green Bay Packers coach philosophized : `` There 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
3 What major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
0 What is epilepsy ?
0 What is a philanthropist ?
1 What is a group of turkeys called ?
3 Who is behind the name of the Harvey Wallbanger drink ?
3 Who is the current UN Secretary General ?
3 Who wrote `` The Pit and the Pendulum '' ?
1 Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
4 On what river is Strasbourg built ?
5 What is the average time to kiss somene ?
3 Name a female figure skater .
1 What card game derived its name from biritch , or Russian Whist ?
5 What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
2 What does LOL mean ?
1 What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts ?
3 What actress has received the most Oscar nominations ?
4 What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?
1 What is a fear of being dirty ?
0 What is the definition of a witch ?
0 What does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
5 When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
4 What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola ?
5 How many times more than 3
4 What river runs through Rowe , Italy ?
3 Who won World War II ?
0 How do I find a city if I have the area code ?
0 Colin Powell is famous for what ?
4 What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
1 Which thrilled taste buds first - Snickers or 3 Musketeers ?
1 What kind of animal is Babar ?
1 What newspaper returned a Pulitzer Prize for the fraudulent story Jimmy 's World ?
1 Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
4 What famed strip of land is a 15-minute boat trip across the Venetian Lagoon from Venice ?
1 What is the best selling computer model ever ?
1 What is the name of the kids ' show from Canadian Public TV with the singing pineapple ?
4 Where did Dylan Thomas die ?
4 What city does Orly Airport serve ?
0 How do you make panoramic sugar eggs for Easter - the ones with the scene inside ?
3 Which member of Charlie 's Angels sang vocals for Josie and the Pussycats ?
5 How big is a baby bald eagle ?
3 Name one of King Henry VIII 's wives .
1 What 's the international radio code word for the letter F ?
4 What planet gave bith to Superman ?
3 Rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
0 What do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
5 On average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?
0 What is the origin of a.m. and p.m. ?
0 What is pneumonia ?
0 Why is the mile 528 feet ?
0 What is fiber in food ?
0 How do birds have sex ?
1 Name a food high in zinc .
4 Where did he get the title ?
1 What was John F. Kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?
1 A corgi is a kind of what ?
1 What substance did Joseph Priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
5 What is the average life span for a chicken ?
1 What is the predominant color of the Tab label ?
3 Name Dick Tracy 's two children .
0 What is Mardi Gras ?
0 What do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
2 What does the channel ESPN stand for ?
0 What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
1 What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?
5 How many small businesses are there in the United States ?
1 What is the fear of the computer called ?
0 What is the difference between khaki and chino ?
1 What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
0 How do I e-mail someone at aol.com from yahoo.com ?
4 What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med ?
3 Who made the first gas engine ?
0 What is a prism ?
3 What woman pitcher has struck out Ted Williams and Hank Aaron ?
5 How old was George Washington when he died ?
4 What state is the Filenes store located in ?
1 What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in ?
0 How do you pronounce `` Tzimisce '' ?
1 What is the most popular sports car color ?
5 What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
3 Who was the 22nd President of the US ?
3 Who played the title role in The Romantic Englishwoman ?
0 Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
0 What are Maid-Rites ?
0 How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton ?
4 What New England state covers 5.9 square miles ?
4 Where did makeup originate ?
4 What city is . KDGE Radio located in ?
5 In what year did Thatcher become prime minister ?
1 What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross ?
3 Who was the 23rd president of the United States ?
4 Where 's the GUM department store ?
0 What was a Mae West on a World War II battleship ?
1 What is a fear of lice ?
0 What does Inuit and Eskimo mean ?
1 What song put James Taylor in the limelight ?
5 How many calories are there in a Big Mac ?
3 What attorneys work for The Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise ?
0 What is diabetes ?
3 Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company ?
0 What is a firewall ?
4 Where are the 49 steps ?
4 Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights ?
4 What city is served by McCarren Airport ?
3 What university football team did O.J. Simpson take to the Rose Bowl ?
0 How is thalassemia defined ?
1 What 1895 H.G. Wells novel was written under the title The Chronic Argonauts ?
3 Who is the most sexy celebrity ?
3 Who is the leader of India ?
3 Who discovered imaginary numbers ?
5 What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
1 What African animals are known as The Big Five ?
0 What do Christian Scientists believe in ?
3 Who first broke the sound barrier ?
0 What does verdandi mean ?
4 Where can I find lyrics for R&B ?
4 What are the five richest countries in the world ?
0 What is ethology ?
1 What 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
0 What does the name Billie mean ?
5 How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat ?
1 What is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
5 What is Dick Clark 's date of birth ?
0 What is `` flintknapping '' ?
0 How do you find oxidation numbers ?
4 What city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
0 What does appropriates money mean ?
4 What park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls ?
1 What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?
0 What does the name Kelly mean ?
4 What famed river flows through Bagdad ?
5 What is the temperature at the center of the earth ?
5 How many names are there for Eskimo people ?
0 What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
1 What color were Ernest Hemingway 's eyes ?
3 Who leads the star ship Enterprise in Star Trek ?
0 What happened to Pepsi Clear ?
5 How many Leos have been Pope ?
0 What does gringo mean ?
4 Where were the 196 Summer Olympics held ?
0 What is an arab strap ?
3 Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?
3 Who killed more people , Hitler or Stalin ?
4 Where can I find the status of my tax return ?
3 Who used AuH2O as an election slogan ?
0 How do you identify prime numbers ?
5 What number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
4 What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
4 What country 's capital is Tirana ?
1 What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
1 What is money made of ?
4 What is the greatest hiking Web site ?
3 Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy ?
0 What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
3 Who was the first jockey to ride two Triple Crown winners ?
4 What 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
0 What is the executor in a will ?
0 How would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
5 How many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
4 What two countries are linked by the Brenner Pass ?
3 Who won the first general election for President held in Malawi in May 1994 ?
5 How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
1 What does the Ouarterly Review of Doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?
0 What is leukemia ?
4 What general direction does the journey in Around the World in 80 Days proceed in ?
3 Name of the powerful white trader in Conrad 's `` Heart of Darkness '' ?
2 What does NASDAQ stand for ?
4 Which city has the oldest relationship as a sistercity with Los Angeles ?
5 What is the date of Boxing Day ?
0 What is the difference between a college and a university ?
3 What was the name of Humphrey Bogart 's club in Casablanca ?
3 What TV comedian worked with White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion ?
4 What two cities usually mark the extremes of English Channel swims ?
5 What is the population of Venezuela ?
4 Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 ?
4 What is the tallest mountain ?
5 When did Nixon die ?
1 What kind of animal was Winnie the Pooh ?
3 What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?
1 What kind of fish is a coney ?
3 Who played Maria in the film West Side Story ?
4 What building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1-dollar bill ?
0 How do wasps make their nests ?
5 How many years make up a lustrum ?
5 When did the Chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
4 What river is Pocahontas buried along ?
0 What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?
3 Who 's the only man to have won the Olympic decathlon twice ?
1 What is a group of frogs called ?
0 What is the origin of the term `` The Brooklyn Side '' in bowling ?
3 Who wrote ` Hamlet ' ?
1 What letter does Gorbachev 's middle name start with ?
1 What mineral helps prevent osteoporosis ?
1 What is the fastest computer ?
0 What is Teflon ?
1 What animal migrates the farthest ?
1 What two animals are specifically mentioned as being in Noah 's Ark ?
0 What was the V-8 Juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?
1 What creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc. , ?
1 In order from the top , the four stripes on a can of Pepsi are what colors ?
4 What is website of the International Court of Justice ?
